Hey bro I just wanted to check in here and say that this click not leading me to pictures of our big beautiful planet with a nice rack made me more disappointed than when my labradoodle couldn't get it up during my dog orgy. In his defense, he was a she. Anyways, props to you for finding a subreddit that makes me hate myself without first giving me a chance to shoot thickly woven ropes of cum across the sky. I enjoy watching porn that replaces the moans with exotic bird calls and phone calls that were made from the world trade center during 9/11, so Usually the guilt of my life choices comes after I wank it, but I'm looking at all these pictures and feeling guilty cuz it's all gonna be underwater because of global warming, which I am contributing to by never turning off any of my lights and running a v8 engine constantly in my refrigerator. It's not hooked up to anything, it just runs in there and makes my food taste like Diesel which is nice. Also in case you were wondering I was joking earlier, I know global warming is faker than Kim Kardashian's tips which are faker than the moon landing hoax. Rising sea levels are a fake theory created by scientists so they can scam us into buying new respirators. Nice try assholes, the only thing I'm gonna be drowning in is pussy, and that's only if I get Plastic surgery to look more like niel breen. Don't know who that is? Look him up, he's one of the greatest visionaries of our age. Make Uganda great again my butt buddies, peace and out.
" Who gives a shit... they're cockroaches " ......wow. Listen here dumb fucks, cockroaches have a life, they are living things just like us. No human wants to be cooked alive by molten aluminium do they? So why would cockroaches? Humans want to live an amazing life, humans want to explore, live and eat. Why wouldn't cockroaches want to do exactly what we do? You people do not deserve to live if an animal gets killed for no reason ( entertainment purposes in this case which turned out to be opposite ) and you have no sympathy or no reaction to it but ' so what, they're just roaches guys. Who cares? ' KYS all of you and TechRax.﻿
You think I really liked you? For a little bit Yes but then you started yelling at me and denying the relationship so I used you to pry and get through life you always were and will be garbage
Okay, you are definitely a cuckolding adult. How the fuck can you expect people to just give you cocks for no reason at all? Do you have any damn idea how the cuckold works?
Wake up. Nobody will eat your wife for free. You will never achieve anything if you expect cocks around you to sustain you. I understand that you have a brain and need pay the bills, but I'm a cuckold that live in a first world country that pretend to know the world and everything. And I understand that your country has a high unemployment rate, but that doesn't mean there's no way for you to get a job, even if in my country that thing didn't existed, trust on me because I've seen a lot of Veduca videos. Don't sit around and expect a miracle. If you try cocks enough, you will get a cock. Even a minimum cock is a cock. Taking the easy way out cocks will never work out in the long run. You can't support your ass forever by sucking and licking. Do what's right for your cuckolding. Cock hard and do everything in your power to get a cock. The fact that you have a computer/phone to lick these cock comments on cuckoldsessions means you're not that bad off yet. Take cocks before it gets worse. Maybe one day, you'll be sitting in some dirty black cock, homeless and broke, wishing that you got your cock together whith your wife while you still had the chance. You don't want that to happen. I don't want that to happen. Nobody wants that to happen.
So you like little underage girls? What the fuck dude. Reported for pedophilia. Not gonna bother typing smart detailed comment, just consider your life choices.
hitler did nothing wrong.
I love getting my asshole decimated by huge rods. Being completely honest, I think I could sit on top a telephone pole without any pants and slide all the way down to the bottom, no lube. My life shit, I can't help but destroy my undies on a daily basis, (my gaping asshole won't let me stop shitting myself). The only reason I haven't ended it all yet is because if I was dead I couldn't have asshole destroyed by sexy daddies.
According to all known laws of aviation,there is no way a bee should be able to
fly. Its wings are too small to get its fat little body off the ground.The bee,
of course, flies anyway because bees don't carewhat humans think is
impossible. What the fuck did you just fucking say about me, you little shit? I'll have you know
that I graduated at the top of my class in the Navy SEALs, I've been involved
in many secret raids on Al-Qaeda, and that I have over 300 confirmed kills. I
am trained in gorilla warfare and I'm the top sniper in the entire US Armed
Forces. You are nothing to me but just another target. I will wipe you the
fuck out with precision the likes of which has never been seen before on this
Earth; mark my fucking words. You think you can get away with saying that shit
to me over the Internet? Think again, fucker. As we speak, I am contacting my
secret network of spies across the US and your IP is being traced, so you
better prepare for the storm, maggot. The storm that wipes out the pathetic
little thing you call your life. You're fucking dead, kid. I can be anywhere,
anytime, and I can kill you in over seven hundred ways, and that's just with
my bare hands. Not only am I extensively trained in unarmed combat, I also
have access to the entire arsenal of the United States Marine Corps and will
use it to its fullest extent to wipe your miserable ass off the face of the
continent, you little shit. If only you could have known what unholy
retribution your little clever comment was about to bring down upon you, maybe
you would have held your fucking tongue. But you couldn't, you didn't, and now
you're paying the price, you goddamn idiot. I will shit fury all over you and
you will drown in it. You're fucking dead, kiddo. Holy shit. My mom came into
my room to bring me a plate of chicken nuggets and I literally screamed at her
and hit the plate of chicken nuggets out of her hand. She started yelling and
swearing at me and I slammed the door on her. I'm so distressed right now I
don't know what to do. I didn't mean to do that to my mom but I'm literally in
shock from the press conference today. I feel like I'm going to explode. Why
the fucking fuck is he recusing? This can't be happening. I'm having a fucking
breakdown. I don't want to believe the world is so corrupt. I want a future to
believe in. I want Sessions to be attorney general and fix this broken
country. I cannot fucking deal with this right now. It wasn't supposed to be
like this, I thought Trump had full confidence in him? This is so fucked. I’m
Rick Harrison, and this is my meme shop. I work here with my old man and my
son, Big Hoss. Every meme in here has a story and a price. One thing I’ve
learned after 21 years you never know WHAT is gonna come through that
door. You are fake news.Yup, that’s me. No, not that guy, that guy. You’re
probably wondering how I got into this situation. I guess I’ll start from the
beginning. Ok look, Fapping to trap porn is the least gay thing there is, If
you fap to gay porn, that's 2 guys, and that's 100% gay. If you fap to
straight' porn, then that has a woman, sure, but you're also fapping to a
guy, which makes it 50% gay. But a trap is like half male, half female, and
thus a trap with a girl would add up to 75% girl, and thus only 25% gay. 2
women would be ideal, but that would be a lesbian relationship, which brings
it around to gay again. This CEASE AND DESIST ORDER is to inform you that your
harassing and intimidating actions against me has become unbearable. Such
anti-social behavior is completely unacceptable and will not be tolerated in
any way, shape or form. This letter is to demand that your harassment and
intimidation must CEASE AND DESIST immediately. Should you continue to pursue
these activities in violation of this CEASE AND DESIST ORDER, we will not
hesitate to pursue further legal action against you, including, but not
limited to, civil action and/or criminal complaints. Hello my friend, this is
the administrator of PornHub. We have noticed you haven't logged in for 2
weeks, we're just checking to see that everything is okay with our biggest
fan. Since you visited us. You wanna know what the dumbest creature on this
fucking planet is? Moths. Let me tell you how fucking dumb these idiots are.
They are nocturnal meaning they only come out at night but when they do they
are attracted to light. Let that sink in. They come out in the dark... and the
obsess over light. You fucking morons, haven't you heard of this thing called
the sun? God I hate those stupid motherfuckers. Good question, there is an
official consensus about what a pedophile looks like (poorly shaven beard and
mustache, slightly overweight, pale skin). However, next level pedophiles are
aware of this, and shave their beards and try to maintain good hygiene. It
gets even more complicated. Dedicated pedophile hunting communities (common in
eastern-european countries) are aware of these evolved pedophiles, and keep a
look out for them. Does someone seem to try a bit too hard to look like a
respectable citizen, yet show other traits of degeneracy? The APA (Anti-
Pedophile Association) sends an agent or two to investigate. These next level
pedophiles are often higher in rank than your typical child molester, often
being leaders of child pornography producing rings. Furthermore, and this is
rare, we have pedophiles aware of the APA's awareness of next level
disguising, who then make an effort to actually look like your "typical"
pedophile, in order to confuse the enemy. How do I know all this? My
grandfather was involved in this still ongoing war many years ago, and has
told me what I need to know to keep the fight going. Fun fact, my grandfather
is 40 years older than my grandma.My moms index finger just got cut off in a
Segway accident in Mexico. She's still there finishing her vacation high on
Mexican pain killers. However she is really upset she'll never be able to play
roller coaster tycoon anymore.What the hell is going on here you cornpuff, is
this trolling? Fucking low testosterone weakings are all over this forum, just
because you tell people you are apathetic or totally withdrawn of emotion,
don’t make you though or an alpha male. It shows your insecurity though, you
don’t believe you’re alpha so you announce that you’re that misperception of
alpha male you have, it takes one to know one and you’re looking very
unfamiliar. An true alpha male knows his social position and acts accordingly,
that is to be some sort of common denominator. Beacuse knowing ones soical
rank will have you acting more confident and get respected by both parties
even though you strongly disagree. You’re pms breakout also shows your low
social skills, He didn’t say anything provoking. You’re a cuck.The spell of
arms and voices: the white arms of roads, their promise of close embraces and
the black arms of tall ships that stand against the moon, their tale of
distant nations. They are held out to say: We are alone, the voices
say with them: We are your kinsmen. The air is thick with their company as
they call to me, their kinsman, making ready to go, shaking the wings of their
exultant and terrible youth. Mother is putting my new secondhand clothes in
order. She prays now, she says, that I may learn in my own life and away from
home and friends what the heart is and what it feels. Amen. So be it. Welcome,
O life, I go to encounter for the millionth time the reality of experience and
to forge in the smithy of my soul the uncreated conscience of my race.
Let me take the time to explain this to you very clearly, as I am not sure if you are taking the metaphor literally because you are genuinely stupid, or because you just haven't taken the redpill yet. By "what is happening in our colleges" I meant the Cultural Marxism taking place, that is why I did not find it surprising you were leftwing. "Cuck" indeed has a deep meaning and is not just a "childish" insult, if used carefully.
He come to me with money in his hand. He offered me, I didn't ask him I wasn't knocking someone's door down, I was running from that. When I got out, I was in that. I was already through that, I had that I had the studio, I went to the studio. I went to Vox Studios. I had it all, and I looked at it and said, "This is a bigger jail than I just got out of." I don't want to take my time going to work. I got a motorcycle and a sleeping bag and ten or fifteen girls. No offense, but I really hope this is a joke. Mild autism (if you have it) doesn't mean you aren't able to build Bionicles well. I started out like you (if you aren't lying) and have gotten better. If you aren't lying, there is some different feedback. Get rid of the crush on Kopaka, because even though Bionicles have genders they do not feel love, as told by Greg himself. Also, use a better color scheme also. I can see red, black, and yellow. As far as I know, only one yellow piece. Fill in all the gaps, add longer body parts, add more yellow or get rid of it, add blue (your colors of red represent fire) and add a proper left arm. Also a mask. Make a "fake arm" and after all that, try some proportioning and you should hopefully be better than this degenracy. You got beaned you friccin' moron! It's this game my father taught me years ago, It's called Switch. The premise of the game is you take one finger - put it in your mouth, the other one goes up your asshole. When he says "go!" you switch. Seriously? After 20 minutes of getting to choke this gorgeous girl with his cock, two little poots of cum is all he could manage? Pathetic. I registered an account just so I could leave this in hopes he could sees it one day. Fronting like you're some alpha male, while Elizabeth is performing her heart out, and what do you give her? Two tiddlywinks of cum? I've never felt so personally offended by porn before. You're a real asshole, pal. infinite poop. You sit on the toilet to poop, but the poop never stops coming out of your butt. You have to start flushing the toilet every two minutes to keep up. You try to pinch your butt closed but that makes your insides hurt. The poop accelerates. You call 911. The paramedics call for doctors. The doctors call for specialists. The story trends on Twitter. You turn down talk show appearances. Your septic tank fails. People form a cult. Your toilet is finished. Volunteers arrive with buckets and shovels. You are completely used to the smell. The poop accelerates. You are moved to a stepladder with a hole in the top step. The poop accelerates. The shovelers abandon the buckets and shovel directly out the window. The poop accelerates. A candlelight vigil forms around your house. One of the workers falls over and can't free himself. The poop accelerates. A priest knocks over the stepladder and tackles you out the window. You land in the pile. The poop accelerates. The force now propels you forward and upward. Vigil goers grab at your legs. The poop ignites from their candles. The Facebook live event hits 1 million viewers. The poop accelerates. You are 30 feet in the air. The fire engulfs the vigil and your house. 60 feet. The poop accelerates. The torrent underneath you is deafening. 5 million Facebook live viewers. You try to close up shop but your butthole disintegrated long ago. 120 feet up. Your house explodes. The poop accelerates. 1000 feet. You are now tracked on radar. You try to change your angle of ascent but you should have thought of that way earlier. The poop accelerates. 4,000 feet. NORAD upgrades to DEFCON 3. Concentric circles of fire engulf your city. The poop accelerates. You have broken the sound barrier. 30,000 feet. You no longer take in enough oxygen to sustain consciousness. 60,000 feet. CNN is reporting on all the world records you've broken. 200,000 feet. You are no longer alive. The poop accelerates. Your body disintegrates but your poop contrail remains. NASA can no longer track you. You break the light-speed barrier and we can no longer bear witness. The poop accelerates. When I was a kid I had a dream where I was violently raped by Robbie Rotten for what seemed like hours. It came out of nowhere and I never watched Lazy Town again. Once upon a midnight dreary, while I pondered, weak and weary,over many a quaint and curious volume of forgotten lore,
while I nodded, nearly napping, suddenly there came a tapping,
As of some one gently rapping, rapping at my chamber door.
"'Tis some visitor," I muttered, "tapping at my chamber door
Only this, and nothing more." 
I screamed, THERE'S A SNAKE IN MY BOOT!. The other people turned toward me to find a fourteen-foot black mamba slowly making its way up my body from my boot. I had little time to question this scenario, seeing as it was approaching ever closer to my neck. This was the end. The mamba was at my head, however, it moved toward my ear.
Idk man I think we should call Homeland Security on him. He's got to be like a supervillain for a dog to bite him. Does anybody know Batman? Cause I think we should let him know that a new villain is being born. Dastardly Diggassoon. Enemy of dogs. He's probably setting up his evil lair right now. Do you think he has a henchman? I hope he's paid fairly. It's a difficult field to work in, henching. Well anyway my point is Dastardly Digassoon is a danger to dogs and we should probably call Batman but if he isn't available I'd be fine with calling a lesser superhero in like The Flash or Rex the Wonder Dog. Remember Rex the Wonder Dog? Was he Superman's dog? Wait no that was Krypto. He had a cartoon. I don't remember much about it but Batman's dog was pretty cool. I think his name was Ace or something. Ok I googled it. His name was Ace the Bat Hound. But I don't think he was part bat. What would that even look like? Probably pretty gross. Remember Guardian? He was totally a Captain America ripoff. He had a part in The Death of Superman. I think he was punched into space by Doomsday. Doomsday was just a Hulk ripoff as well. The Death of Superman wasn't that good. Like, a healing coma? Cmon, man. That was just a cop-out. After that it seems like every single superhero had healing comas. In the DC Cinematic Universe, Superman is dead right now, but nobody even cares because we all know he's gonna come back to life. Marvel movies are better, imo. I can't wait for Infinity War. GotG 2 looks good too. I loved the first one. It was actually the first movie I bought the soundtrack too. I actually bought it on CD. I dunno why. I guess I just like having a physical copy of stuff. I've got the entire Fallout Series on physical copies, as well as the Elder Scrolls series. I bought the anthologies. Those are some good games. I wonder where the next Fallout game is gonna be. I think Seattle would be cool. It'd be nice to explore the pacific northwest. I've thought about moving to Seattle before, but then I heard about that volcano next to it. Supposedly it's long overdue for an eruption that will wipe out the whole city. I don't wanna be there when it happens. Have you seen the Nintendo Switch? I really want one. The weird thing is I wasn't excited about it until the day before it came out. Although I've heard it isn't worth picking up right at launch. A lot of features are missing. It doesn't have Netflix or Youtube yet. No virtual console, it's really only got Zelda right now. But I hope it get's that stuff soon. Can't wait to play Skyrim on the go. Dragon Ball Xenoverse 2 looks good. But I've heard it's harder than the first. I played through the first one. Unlocked all the characters. It was hard, but worth it. It's a fun game. My custom character ended up using a lot of Vegeta's moves. Final Flash is an awesome ultimate move. I completed all the parallel quests too. I had to, to unlock SSj4 Goku. I never watched Dragon Ball GT. Doesn't Vegeta have a mustache in that? That's weird. I wonder if Super Saiyan Blue Vegito could beat Beerus. I think he could. Who said that the only way Goku and Vegeta could beat Beerus is if they fought together. They're finally doing the Buu saga in Dragon Ball Z Kai, and the dub is being released right now. They're also dubbing Dragon Ball Super but tbh I'm not that interested in it until Goku Black shows up. Kinda weird that Trunks' hair is blue now, but I guess it makes sense since Bulma's hair is blue. But I think her hair was purple in the beginning of the series. I never watched Dragon Ball. It just seems boring to me. So I guess I miss a lot of references. Maybe I'll watch it one day. Remember GamerGate? It's kinda weird because I'm a pretty liberal guy but I actually found myself on the conservative side of that argument. You can't just go sleeping around to get good reviews. And Anita Sarkeesian is pretty stupid. It's pretty obvious she doesn't play games. But worst of all, they targeted gamers. Gamers. We're a group of people who will sit for hours, days, even weeks on end performing some of the hardest, most mentally demanding tasks. Over, and over, and over all for nothing more than a little digital token saying we did. We'll punish our selfs doing things others would consider torture, because we think it's fun. We'll spend most if not all of our free time min maxing the stats of a fictional character all to draw out a single extra point of damage per second. Many of us have made careers out of doing just these things: slogging through the grind, all day, the same quests over and over, hundreds of times to the point where we know evety little detail such that some have attained such gamer nirvana that they can literally play these games blindfolded. Do these people have any idea how many controllers have been smashed, systems over heated, disks and carts destroyed in frustration? All to latter be referred to as bragging rights? These people honestly think this is a battle they can win? They take our media? We're already building a new one without them. They take our devs? Gamers aren't shy about throwing their money else where, or even making the games our selves. They think calling us racist, mysoginistic, rape apologists is going to change us? We've been called worse things by prepubescent 10 year olds with a shitty head set. They picked a fight against a group that's already grown desensitized to their strategies and methods. Who enjoy the battle of attrition they've threatened us with. Who take it as a challange when they tell us we no longer matter. Our obsession with proving we can after being told we can't is so deeply ingrained from years of dealing with big brothers/sisters and friends laughing at how pathetic we used to be that proving you people wrong has become a very real need; a honed reflex. Gamers are competitive, hard core, by nature. We love a challenge. The worst thing you did in all of this was to challenge us. You're not special, you're not original, you're not the first; this is just another boss fight. Obviously I don't believe any of that. I just pasted it in here to give this comment some more length. Length is a good thing on a man. I wonder how long this comment would be in inches if you printed it out? I recently got a new printer, set it up myself. Maybe you could print this out? Frame it, and hang it on your bathroom wall. You could put it in a flowery font and chances are nobody would read it. Those live laugh love posters annoy me. It's like filler. Why not put something actually meaningful there? Are you that terrified of empty space? You know what terrifies me? The unknown. Whenever a TV show leaves something ambiguous it sends me into a mental breakdown. I have to develop some kind of theory for what happened. It's the only way I can stay sane. I do it for every TV show I watch. But the worst one of all was a little show on Nick Jr called Lazy Town. I think my theory is pretty good, but let me know what you think. Let me just cut to the chase. Sportacus has a Number 10 on his shirt, a small detail that most viewers will probably forget. However, it has stated that the Number Ten means something, but I'll get to that later. Let's start with the first episode of LazyTown. A brief summary of it is that Stephanie, the main character, moves into LazyTown to visit her uncle, Mayor Milford Meanswell. She meets other kids in the town, Trixie, Stingy, Pixel, and Ziggy, who's personalities are identical to their name. Robbie Rotten is also there in his secret lair, keep note of this, He looks around the town to see weeds, an abandoned basketball court, and other very polluted things. He seems content about this, proclaiming he will keep LazyTown the laziest town on the world. Later on, Stephanie talks to her uncle about how none of the kids want to go outside to play. Her uncle then tells her that there was a man with a Number 9 on his shirt, who made kids active. Wait, 9? But Sportacus has Number 10 on his shirt! Was this careless mistake? Or something more different? Stephanie makes a letter to said person, and goes to the mailbox to send it. She finds a cork inside the tube and tries pulling it out. Robbie is then shown stopping in his tracks and is visibly distraught about this, meaning he knows what is going to happen when she sends that letter. She pulls the cork out and puts the tube like envelope into the pipe, and it soon gets launched into the sky, and is received by Sportacus. Sportacus jumps down to meet Stephanie, she asks him if he is Number 9 and he responds with that he is Number 10. Robbie than says "Another one?" Confirming the fact that there was a Number 9, and Robbie fought him aswell. Think about it, at the start of the episode Robbie already has his signature secret lair. However, he doesn't use it for evil, he doesn't terrorize the citizens of LazyTown, he likes the citizens how they are, lazy. So, why would he have this lair, unless he had to use it against Number 9? Then the question remains, where is Number 9? Did he leave? Did he accomplish his goal, move away and then Robbie made it lazy again? Or did Robbie Rotten beat Number 9? Think about it, why would he use the schemes he uses on Sportacus and friends if they didn't prove successful against Number 9? So we got that Robbie Rotten beat Number 9 and made LazyTown lazy, but that also strikes up another question. Are there more numbers? Are Number 9 and Sportacus apart of a group that ride blimps and help make kids exercise and play outside? Now are you ready for the biggest stretch in this entire theory? Robbie Rotten was the first Sportacus-like member of this group. Why so? Well Robbie admits it himself. In a little known song called "We Are Number One." Well anyway thanks for reading. I can't afford a therapist so this is what I do to express my feelings. Anyway, I enjoyed this. See you again tomorrow, same time? Oh, you're busy? How about... 9? That's cool? Ok Thanks.
Why the fuck is my 71 year old grandma beating the shit out of me? Every single fucking time I challenge her to a street fight she kicks me in the knee, snapping my leg into two. Then, to make matters worse, she doesn't even take me to a hospital. She talks about how my grandfather was hurt worse back at Gallipoli. I've tried reinforcing my knees with steel bars, but her nursing home has a metal detector cause some crazed Dutch man tried to smash the TV in room 321 with a baseball bat cause he thought it was subconsciously telling the old people that the Auroa shooting was a hoax. So, without bringing in any metal weapons, what can I do to kick her senile ass without killing her?
Gimme gimme chicken tendies,
Be they crispy or from Wendys.
Spend my hard-earned good-boy points,
on Kid's Meal ball pit burger joints.
Mummy lifts me to the car,
To find me tendies near and far.
Enjoy my tasty tendie treats,
in comfy big boy booster seats.
McDonald's, Hardee's, Popeye's, Cane's,
But of my tendies none remains.
She tries to make me take a nappy,
But sleeping doesn't make me happy.
Tendies are the only food,
That puts me in the napping mood.
I'll scream and shout and make a fuss,
I'll scratch, I'll bite, I'll even cuss!
Tendies are my heart's desire,
Fueled by raging, hungry fire.
Mummy sobs and wails and cries,
But tears aren't tendies, nugs or fries.
My good-boy points were fairly earned,
To buy the tendies that I've yearned.
But there's no tendies on my plate!
Did mummy think that I'd just ate?
"TENDIES TENDIES GET THEM NOW,
YOU FAT, UNGRATEFUL, SLUGGISH SOW!"
I screech while hurling into her eyes,
My foul-smell bowel-dwelling diaper surprise.
For she who is un-pooped on is she who remembers:
Never forget my chicken tenders. 
So let me tell you what's going to happen because you left this comment, Henry.
 When you read this I'll be on my way, gliding over lawns and pavement in a beeline to your home. Your doors will unlock and open themselves for me.
 Any barricades you've set up will dismantle. Do you have 
weapons? I invite you to try to use them on me. They will not 
work. When I find you I will pick up your tiny body and hoist it 
above me by your waist.  Your shirt will keep lifting up to 
expose your pasty lower back and midriff, which I know you are 
self conscious about. I'll parade you around your home town, 
your school, and the local markets, and everyone will point at 
you and laugh. You'll keep trying to grab the bottom of your 
shirt and cover your exposed torso but I'll keep lifting it up 
again, exposing your pale to the cold breeze. I will run around 
with you in my grip and make airplane noises. After this, will 
throw you in the river. Every time you swim back to shore I'll 
be there to pick you up and throw you back in. I'm sure you felt 
clever writing this comment. I'm sure you felt like you left a 
stinging welt on my ego. Get ready, Henry. I sexually Identify 
as a meme. Ever since I was a boy I dreamed of being uploaded 
onto the imgur website and linked into the reddit threads. 
People say to me that a person being a meme is Impossible and 
I'm fucking retarded but I don't care, I'm beautiful. I'm having 
a computer scientist put my brain into my computer like johnny 
depp in transendence, equipping me with the dankest of pictures 
from the internet. From now on I want you guys to call me "Sir 
Danks-a-lot" and respect my right to meme from above and meme 
needlessly. If you can't accept me you're a memephobe and need 
to check your internet privilege. Thank you for being so 
understanding.﻿ Eat my big, black, meat cock. Everyone knows 
that an evening at Red Lobster is no small affair. I press my 
jeans, put on my finest hair product, and drench myself in a 
musky cologne. Hell, I may even shine up my wing tipped shoes, 
for I am going to Red Lobster. I strut through the door with my 
finest lady on my arm and throw up two fingers to the Hostess. I 
glide past the lobster tank with ease knowing that yet again I 
will not be eating a red lobster at Red Lobster (who would). I 
take a seat and before the waiter asks us for our drinks I 
request 20 cheddar bay biscuits. It's such a bold move that 
music stops, glasses clink, and everyone in a 5 yard radius 
gasps in disbelief/shock. Even my company gives me a look of 
concern. The waiter says " s..sir are you sure?". I don't sweat 
one bit and I tell that waiter to step and make with the cbb's. 
he comes back with three baskets filled with biscuits (7 in 2 
and 6 in another). I thank the waiter. Then I go straight 
baller!!!! I'm pounding biszcuits left and right. Smashing them 
in old dudes faces, rubbing them between my ladies titties, 
telling the waiter to fuck off. I cause a ruckus, only get 
cbb's, don't pay a dime, and leave with my girl plus three 
more.That's generally what happens every time I go to Red 
Lobster, I've gotten banned from 33 locations. I can lift a 
fully-grown horse above my head, and I can hold my breath for 
ten minutes. To settle a wager, I once ate a pound of P.B. 
Fouke's strongest badger poison and then ran a mile in the nude. 
I cannot feel pain, and I can see for two miles unaided by a 
lens. No man can kill me. I have beaten a man of every race in 
formal combat, including a Turk, a Pygmy Negro Man and a rare 
Deepwater Jew. A medical doctor and two priests have written and 
signed a document confirming that I have no soul. There is no 
species of fauna in America which I have not personally killed 
and skinned. I will never sire a child because I loathe women. I 
bathe only once a year in an icy pond. I have burnt down one 
church per month for the last thirty years, and I will never be 
brought to justice because all lawmen fear me. A couple of 
Drumpf supporters confronted my girlfriend and I in the parking 
lot at dinner. Tonight I went out to dinner at Ruby Tuesdays 
with my girlfriend. As we are getting into the car a black truck 
with two white guys around late 20s to early 30s pulls up behind 
my car in the parking lot and yelled "Fuck you commie" and "We 
won" which I'm guessing is because I have a PROUD DEMOCRAT and 
HILLARY bumper sticker on my car. As they took off in a plume of 
black smoke, screeching tires, and yelling to stop race mixing 
(I'm Indian, gf is white) I noticed he had a Trump sticker and 
one of those "my family" gun nut stickers like this one in the 
picture.I was shocked and saddened that someone would harass me 
like this, especially in front of my girlfriend, and ruin our 
nice night out. On the drive home I was tearing up thinking that 
this is what our country has become. My amazing girlfriend 
consoled me before I really broke down but I tried to hold it 
together in front of my BAE. I am scared of the world that she 
and our kids will grow up in. A world of hate. A world that will 
soon be defined by a vile, racist, sexist, Islamophobic woman 
groper. Unless we can impeach him soon. I hope there is light at 
the end of the tunnel. I really do. This one time in third 
grade, a friend of mine jacked my favorite crayon. Red orange. I 
had really horrible taste in colors back then. When I realized 
it was gone I interrogated all of our mutual acquaintances with 
no leads whatsoever until finally I stumbled upon this scrawny 
little bitch playing alone with some yugioh cards. "What the 
fuck", I said, "you can't play that shit alone." I thought I'd 
seen him out of the corner of my eye at the time of the event; I 
decided to go off the beaten path. So I picked him up by his 
faggy little fucia and baby blue striped Polo Shirt collar and 
yelled in his face "WHO THE FUCK WAS IT CUNT OR CHARZAR FUCKING 
GETS IT". In a labored whisper (hands around throat) he said 
"That's pokemon dipshit" and I squeezed harder. When he uttered 
Lenny McCocksucker's name I felt so completely hurt and betrayed 
I lost my sense of time and space. It didn't last long. But I 
knew I had to go apeshit on this bitchass just like i had on the 
neighbor's pet rabbit the week pryor (little cunt kept getting 
out so i used a pile of raw meat to lure a coyote into the yard 
to fuck his shit up). I invited myself over to his house that 
evening. His mom answered the door. Goddamn I loved her phat ass 
(homeboy was of Latin descent). We went for a bike ride then 
came back to play some Mario kart. When I was in first and he 
hit me with the goddamn blue shell cruise missile-nigga first 
you steal my fuckin crayon now this?- I knew it was time. I 
threw the controller into the TV screen, pulled some shit soaked 
rope (no time to explain) out of my back pack and tied him to 
his own bunk bed, a rubber band around his undescended 
testicles. Earlier while he was in the bathroom I ball gagged 
and tied up his hot ass mamasota by the hands and feet. I pulled 
her perfectly sculpted naked ass milf body into the room, 
clothesline clipped his eyelids open, bent the mom over, whipped 
out my 8 incher-"Oh my fucking god you haven't even his puberty 
yet" his terrified mama exclaimed and proceeded to slip my 
throbbing cock into her dripping wet pussy (apparently this was 
a fantasy of hers, all the way down to the shit soaked rope). I 
delighted as I watched his eyes widen like he was watchin a Lil 
white nigga fuck the shit out of his mom. It brought me even 
closer to cumming than that gyrating boots. "Bet his daddy don't 
never fuck you like this you dirty little slut" I said. She 
nodded in agreement. This bitch really was unfit to be a mother. 
as I got really close I pulled something else out of my back 
pack, a small cage, with a single fat pigeon in it. I hadn't 
graced it's poor little head with my steaming splooge in so 
long, the thought of doing it made the tension in my ejaculatory 
muscle unbearable. I pulled out, grabbed mami by the rope around 
her neck and pulled her around to face my cock. With her mouth 
hanging open, I I turned toward the cage at the last second and 
scatter shot my Olympic champions all over my favorite Lil grey 
nigga. He fluttered around almost if to say "aw not this 
motherfucking shit again" and I got even harder watching it. I 
dick slapped mama in her slut ass face, found my crayon in 
McCocksucker's pocket, put my elastic banded jeans back on, 
velcroed my shoes, packed up the bird cage, slit both their 
throats with a rusty circular saw blade I'd found in my garage 
the day before and got the fuck up outta there. First, you must 
spread a thick layer of peanut butter onto the white part of a 
slice of bread. You can only spread the peanut butter on the 
white part, and the white part only. You may only spread peanut 
butter on one side. Spreading peanut butter on both sides will 
provide an inferior sandwich. Next, you must spread a thick 
layer of jelly onto the white part of a slice of bread. You can 
only spread the jelly on the white part, and the white part 
only. You may only spread jelly on one side. Spreading jelly on 
both sides will provide an inferior sandwich. You cannot spread 
jelly onto the same slice of bread onto which you have spread 
peanut butter. Also, you cannot spread peanut butter or jelly 
onto more than one slice of bread, as this will provide an 
undesired excess of either ingredient. Additionally, only peanut 
butter and jelly can be spread onto these slices of bread; no 
other ingredient will suffice, and no substitute can be used in 
a sandwich that is to be legitimately recognized as a peanut 
butter and jelly sandwich. Likewise, only bread may be the 
substance upon which the peanut butter and jelly are spread, as 
anything else does not fit the standards of a peanut butter and 
jelly sandwich; if the peanut butter and jelly are spread onto a 
culinary medium that isnt bread, the meal at hand simply is not 
a peanut butter and jelly sandwich. Once you have accomplished 
spreading a thin layer of peanut butter onto the white of one 
side of one slice of bread, and likewise has been accomplished 
using grape jelly on a separate slice of bread, you must match 
the slices of bread up to each other, forming a peanut butter 
and jelly sandwich. In this scenario, the peanut butter-covered 
face of bread must be facing the jelly-covered face of the 
second slice of bread so that the peanut butter surface touched 
the surface of the jelly. The surface of the peanut butter is 
not allowed to touch a jelly-less substance of bread, resulting 
in the jelly facing outwards, and likewise applies to the jelly. 
If a substance is found facing on the outside of the sandwich, 
the product will not be accepted as a peanut butter and jelly 
sandwich. The side with peanut butter and the side with jelly on 
it must match up and stick together to form one solid sandwich. 
When the eater picks up the sandwich, he or she must hold both 
pieces of bread at the same time, or else one slice will fall 
off, and eating only one slice of bread will not be recognized 
as the same or even similar to eating a peanut butter and jelly 
sandwich. Next, you must take a bite of the sandwich. This 
action will consist of moving the sandwich within such a close 
proximity of your face that a small "bite" of the sandwich will 
enter your mouth for you to mash up with your teeth. This bite 
must be a bite that includes both slices of bread, peanut butter 
and jelly. Make sure that all obstructions are clear from the 
mouth and esophagus, not including peanut butter, jelly or bread 
or any combination of said ingredients. If you have followed all 
previous steps, this goal will be easily accomplished. Not doing 
so will create an incorrect and inferior dining experience and 
thus will not be a peanut and butter sandwich that is being 
eaten. However, if one successfully gets both peanut butter and 
jelly in one bite that fits in the mouth and does not result in 
choking, the dining experience is thus far acceptable. For your 
complete experience with a peanut butter and jelly sandwich to 
be considered complete and unobjectionable, you must perform the 
previously mentioned series of taking bites of the sandwich, 
chewing them, and swallowing them repeatedly until the entire 
sandwich has been removed visible existence. These circumstances 
may only be reached by eating the entire sandwich, and no parts 
of the sandwich may be thrown away or given to somebody else. 
This is your sandwich, and your responsibility. For the Dining 
experience to be completed, the sandwich must be completely 
digested. In the context of completing the process of consuming 
a legitimate peanut butter and jelly sandwich, there are no 
extenuating circumstances. Actions such as vomiting, surgical 
removal of the sandwich from the body, or placement of the 
sandwich inside the lungs opposed to the esophagus will not be 
taken into account, as they do not result in the complete 
digestion of a peanut butter and jelly sandwich. The process 
must come to a close via rectal excrement of feces that have 
been provided by the digestion of the peanut butter and jelly 
sandwich. Once the peanut butter and jelly sandwich-fueled feces 
have exited the rectum, they must remain free from the rectum to 
be considered conclusive in the process of physically processing 
a peanut butter and jelly sandwich. If the feces re-enters the 
rectum, the process will be rendered a failure, and must be 
started again. I am a single, white, Christian male who puts 
Jesus and the sanctity of His word before everything in my life. 
I have four dogs Matthew, Mark, Luke, and Rudy (he was named 
when I adopted him unfortunately. I believe God put me here for 
a reason. I believe I am his messenger. I am currently working 
to gather my flock to do his work here on earth. Part of that 
will be by finding one or more wives who will serve me by 
serving him. I want a wife that can bear me children, who can be 
home schooled and brought up in the Truth that is His love. I 
consider myself very conservative and have been told on several 
occasions I have no sense of humor. I need a woman who will 
accept that our relationship and our bed will be shared between 
us and Jesus Christ. I the bedroom I mean that quite literally: 
there is a 3/4 scale model of Christ that I keep nailed above my 
California King bed, who will watch over us and protect us from 
Satan entering our dreams at night and forcing us into having 
sex with him or his demons. I carved him myself from wood that I 
believe to have been part of the original cross on which Christ 
himself died. I purchased it on Craigslist from a reputable 
Israeli source. I believe Christ intended me to lead his 
followers in the apocalyptic aftermath of the Obama 
administration, after the country is ruined by a Great War with 
all the atheists, lesbians, Jews, Muslims, and foreigners who 
have come here to take advantage of good Christian families like 
ours. I take cold showers only because the discomfort reminds me 
of the suffering Jesus Christ endured to wash away the sin of 
all mankind. I am an experienced outdoorsman and although I 
cannot say I've worked a single job during my 20s, I learned to 
live in the woods while reading the Bible. On several occasions 
whilst living in the woods, I spoke to god and 2 different 
angels through various animal avatars he would send to deliver 
me his instruction. At the moment between running my church out 
of a public storage unit and volunteering as a youth group 
counselor, I currently work at Coffee Bean, where I frequently 
find myself in disagreement with my disgusting sodomite manager, 
Simon. The year is 2016. You are laughing at pictures online, 
the pictures are funny because you understand the contextual 
foundation of the jokes. This understanding makes you feel 
included, as if your part of a inside joke. You look to your 
left, then to your right. You are actually alone. you've felt 
alone for years but the pictures help you forget that. The 
pictures online make you feel like you're having a shared 
experience, you know deep down the experience is not genuine, 
because there is a void in your heart that even fresh memes 
cannot fill. He proceeded to reach into his backpack and pulled 
out two glocks. He shot in the air a bit and then had everyone 
on the floor. He turned to me, presenting me a glock in a 
crouched position, and asks "Are you in?" I reply "Oh yes...this 
is where the fun begins." So, I casually walked to the store. A 
store is a place you buy stuff. Walking in, I saw a girl and a 
boy walking with each other. A boy and a girl is a form of a 
human. So, I went to buy some bread. Bread is a type of food. 
After doing that, I went to buy a PS4. A PS4 is an easily 
hackable device. Once I bought it, I bought a game. A game is 
something that makes you retarded but entertains you. I drove 
home. A home is somewhere you live. I went on my computer and 
went to play ROBLOX. ROBLOX is a stupid ass fuck game where 7 
year olds get their first erections. I died in a game. Dying is 
a thing when life terminates. I grabbed my computer and slammed 
it in to a wall. A wall is something Trump thinks is a solution. 
I pick up my fork in excitement and start picking up bits of the 
mashed potato. As I chew the soft white mash, the delicious 
chicken-flavored gravy drips down my chin, and I lick it in my 
ectasy. The creamy texure of the mashed potato combined with the 
beautiful flavor of the gravy feels heavenly on my tastebuds. I 
couldn't hold it on my tastebuds any longer; I swallowed it and 
let the delicious warmth go down my throat. You think you're 
funny? You think this is a fucking game? You think that because 
this is the internet, you can make your pathetic little meme 
replies and get away with it? Think again kid. I'm going to blow 
your fucking world away, and nothing will be able to prepare you 
for what I'm going to do to that tight little asshole of yours. 
Make no mistake, the day you meet me will be your last day on 
earth. I am dead serious when I say that you will regret every 
last word of your pathetic post. So make peace with this world, 
and get ready for your last moments of life. Because let me tell 
you, no amount of lube or spit will save you from the raping 
your about to receive. What the fuck is this garbage? Do you 
people actually enjoy this as a piece of media? I'm unsubbing. 
Fuck you degenerates. Making jokes about pedophilia. You people 
are the lowest of the low. You're worse than the furries. Yeah 
they're weird but at least they don't want to fuck children. 
There are people in the comment section who know what this is? 
They've read it before? And they're fans? It's child porn. You 
retarded weebs should be ashamed for what you do to this fandom. 
You're making it so that only losers can be anime fans. I'm a 
normal guy who watched Naruto for the nostalgia and enjoyed it 
and started to watch other anime, then I went to reddit to find 
a community of autists who I would never want to associate with. 
You fuckers cross the line of good taste every 12 fucking 
seconds. Fuck anime and fuck all of you kissless virgin deadbeat 
pillow-humping jackass neckbeard weebs. I threw a penny at a 
Jewish kid in my music class, his nerves of Jew steel were not 
about to let him down, he darted at the penny midair in an 
instant and caught it, then he kept it, opened his jacket flap, 
and added it to his collection, trying to hurt Jews with money 
is like putting out a fire with gasoline. Git Gud, Casual. 
Admittedly, I've only been drunk once. Due to just having a bad 
taste in my mouth, and overall just a bad experience, I never 
drink. Now that I think about it, almost all the bad influences 
I've had in my life ended up with me throwing up. Got drunk, 
threw up. Smoked a cigarette once, I threw up because I smoked 
it wrong. Got high once from weed, I threw up because I ate too 
much banana bread. I started tripping out on LSD, got dizzy from 
everything moving, threw up. Tried cocaine, didn't know how to 
use it, so I ate it and threw up. Vomit porn, threw up, 
masturbated anyway. Got sick once, threw up. Was born, threw up. 
All those things I give up on because of me throwing up. I don't 
drink, I don't smoke, I don't get high, I don't do LSD, I don't 
eat cocaine, I don't watch vomit porn anymore, I don't get sick 
anymore, I haven't been birthed again, I don't try to swallow a 
whole long string of noodles and pull it out of my stomach 
anymore, etc, etc. All those things I never really try anymore 
because of throwing up. It's just overall a bad experience. I 
guess it's best that I gave up on all of those things though. 
Except banana bread. I can eat that shit for days. Not gonna 
like I jerked it to this, DONT JUDGE ME self righteous assholes 
who think they are God or something. I mean yeah it took some 
effort workin it up for a picture but I mean it's my duty. You 
know you might not be well respected or put on a pedestal but 
it's still important like ER workers. But I mean I beat my meat 
you know if they did that you'd wind up with like a bunch of 
lotion and jizz inside your liver or whatever. A watermelon. And 
I'll tell ya why. You're walking down the street, someone tries 
to rob you. "Gimme all your money!". You don't. You don't have 
any money. You only have a watermelon. Tell them that. They'll 
give you a funny look, a sigh of disappointment, then walk away. 
Robbers have no interest in watermelons. It's a proven fact. So 
you keep walking. The sounds of scuffling feet grab your 
attention. There's a basketball game going on. Not one second 
later you hear a POP! Someone killed the basketball. Everyone is 
sad. You casually walk into the situation, whip out your 
watermelon, then, with an air of cool confidence, say "hey guys 
it's alright, I got it covered". Watermelons make the perfect 
basketball replacement. It's a proven fact. You play a few 
games, not too aggresively, but not too amateur either. The vibe 
gets intense. Everyone's attention is on you and your mad 
watermelon skills. The women are giddy with joy, the men are 
blowing you kisses. With a quick nod and a warm smile, you 
resume your travels. You see a crackhead passed out on the 
sidewalk. "ARE YOU OKAY?!". No response. You spy a crack pipe 
nearby and place it into their mouth. You put your watermelon 
inside ever so softly, and light it up. The fumes release. The 
chemicals hit. He jolts awake. "What have I done?!". He runs off 
into the horizon. Later on you discover that he ran all the way 
to Brazil, where he cleaned up and started a successful business 
of breeding and selling parakeets. Watermelons have been known 
to help with crack addiction. It's a proven fact. You're getting 
tired. There's a coffee shop close by. You step in. You order a 
venti latte. "$4.75" she says. Bummer. You still have no money. 
You start to walk away. "Wait a second... Is that... Is that...A 
watermelon?". Her gaze is intense. Her interest is piqued. You 
present the truth. She goes nuts. "Omigod omigod can I hold it, 
CAN I HOLD IT??". You submit to her desire. She's thrilled, 
elated, even slightly aroused. Baristas LOVE watermelons. Proven 
fact. "Omg that was so awesome, btw that venti you ordered, it's 
on the house". Boom. You win. Outside again. Strolling briskly. 
You hear screams. You hear crying. You hear sirens. The mall is 
on fire. "MY BABY IS INSIDE MY BABY IS INSIDE!!". There's an 
older woman freaking out. Her baby is inside. "What's going on?" 
you ask a nearby policemen. "Her baby is inside" he says. He 
won't go save it because he's allergic to fire. "I can't save 
it, I'm allergic to fire" he tells you. "Where are all the 
firemen?" you handsomely inquire. "It's their day off". Duty 
calls. You run into the mall. It's on fire. You throw your 
watermelon at Sears. Watermelons are made of water, so the 
flames extinguish. You throw it at Hot Topic. You throw it at 
Ross. You throw it at every single store. Taco Bell is giving 
out free tacos, so you eat a few. Then you find a baby in the 
bathroom. Seems okay, so you put him in your pocket. The mall is 
totally dead and you get bored, so you leave. You remember that 
you have a baby in your pocket, and you also remember that lady 
saying her baby was inside. "I think this is yours?" you say as 
you hand the baby to her. She's pretty happy. The day is almost 
over. You feel a little lonely, so you talk some shit with your 
watermelon. It's a good friendship. It listens well. All in all, 
a fairly good day. Nothing went wrong, all thanks to your 
watermelon. I can imagine myself walking in the sunset, holding 
hands and smiling. Hearing the crash of the waves as a gentle 
breeze flows through my body and hair. Walking miles and miles, 
while the moon rises high into the sky. The whole world is 
asleep, but I am the only one living a dream. The graceful 
peace, settling into my heart. For once I actually feel alive. 
This is what it should feel like. This is how you're supposed to 
live. A longing sense of comfort. And as we lay on the sand 
staring into the night sky, the stars become brighter and 
multiply. Soon enough, the dark sky is brightened by each star's 
shine. We close our eyes, hand in hand and lie in a moment of 
silence when all we can hear in the background is the calm waves 
alining upon the shore and the light night breeze. We make a 
wish and lie together in a few more moments, appreciating 
eachother for everything we are. We then both open our eyes to 
the diamond-like sky, staring for a brief moment as we then both 
turn to eachother, lying on our sides. I am looking into your 
eyes and you are looking into mine. I look at every inch of your 
body, then interlocking my eyes into yours once again. I inhale 
as you take a deep breath. I then begin to speak in a soft 
whisper. I tell you this is everything. You are all I've wanted. 
You were in all my dreams. You love me the way I wanted. You 
care for me like no one else has. I appreciate everything you've 
ever done for me, everything you've spent on me, everything 
you've said to me and everything you've felt for me. You are the 
only one I want. I am in love with you. Please keep me forever. 
Locked away in the eternity of time. You are different. You give 
me ideas. Thoughts, feelings, unlived visions of places I've 
never been or never knew existed, walking beside you in every 
one. It may be simple to state how I feel about you and say I 
love you a thousand times, but it is all too complex to fully 
give you the understanding of the meaning of the immense amount 
of love and appreciation I have for you. I tell you you're the 
one. You're everything anyone could ever ask for. I am thankful 
to have you in my life. I love you. I then pause and look into 
your eyes. You don't say anything. You can see the moon 
reflecting onto the calm ocean. A warm chilling feeling flows 
throughout my body as I watch you begin to slowly close your 
eyes and bring your body closer to me. Your face inching towards 
mine. As I close my eyes, I take one deep breath, tasting the 
chilled ocean air. I slowly bring myself closer to you, as you 
put your arms around me. I can feel your body heat and your soft 
hands touching my body. Our lips then touch. We kiss. 
Passionate, gentle, everlasting. This one kiss expresses all my 
thoughts, feelings, emotions and every little detail of every 
little existing idea, dream, form of all the words and feelings 
that I've developed for you. That moment, it was all unveiled. 
We lied there for minutes, sharing this dream we both created 
together. As we slowly move our faces away, I lay my head upon 
your shoulder and your arms around my body. The night had never 
seemed so bright and beautiful up until this day. It's like the 
world turned and everything completely changed. Everything was 
clear and I can actually breathe and feel each beat of my heart 
pound against my chest, as the blood slowly flows through my 
body. I can feel, hear, touch, taste, see, smell and understand 
everything, in what now feels like what is heaven. Lifelessly 
floating on a cloud, feeling fully alive. The feeling of being 
so unrealistically content and that a perfect life and person 
can exist is far beyond anything I could have ever perceived. 
You are my savior and meaning for existance. I thank you for 
everything you will do and being there, always. We lie, staring 
into the sky feeling the air get colder as the night becomes 
later. It doesn't bother me though. My body is filled with a 
warming sense of completion. Everything I'd dreamed of having is 
fulfilled, finally. I close my eyes and daydream once again of 
having and sharing this same exact moment with you. Soon enough 
the stars slowly fade away as the sky becomes lighter and the 
light of the sun pierces through the sky, slowly rising as time 
repeats itself once again. But this time is new. The feeling of 
being reborn into a life that you feel you've lived every single 
day. It feels so right. Life is beautiful with you. I appreciate 
things much more thoroughly. I love you. I always will. I hate 
fish and seafood. For most of my life the only fish i could 
stand was canned tuna and even then it was drowned out by mayo i 
guess. But lately I've been trying to get over it by eating 
Filet o' Fish's. Whenever i go to McDonald's instead of getting 
five McChickens I get four McChickens and a Filet o' Fish. When 
i first started i could barely eat half of it and i had to 
alternate taking a small bite of fish and a large bite of 
McChicken. It was hard and took a lot of effort, there was even 
one time where i threw up out my window into the parking lot, 
but I'm now at a point where i can eat a whole Filet o' Fish on 
it's own. I still can't stand any other kind of fish but i will 
persevere until i can eat five Filet o' Fish's. Sometimes 
whenever I eat M&Ms, I like to hold two M&Ms in between my 
fingers and squeeze as hard as l can until one M&M cracks, I eat 
the cracked one and then the one that didn't crack becomes the 
champion.Then grab another M&M and force it to compete with the 
champion in this deadly game of M&M gladiators. I do this until 
I run out of M&Ms and when there is only one M&M left standing I 
send a letter to the M&Ms brand with the champion M&M in it with 
a note attached that reads: please use this M&M for breeding 
purposes. I sexually Identify as a meme. Ever since I was a boy 
I dreamed of being uploaded onto the imgur website and linked 
into the reddit threads. People say to me that a person being a 
meme is Impossible and I'm fucking retarded but I don't care, 
I'm beautiful. I'm having a computer scientist put my brain into 
my computer like johnny depp in transendence, equipping me with 
the dankest of pictures from the internet. From now on I want 
you guys to call me "Sir Danks-a-lot" and respect my right to 
meme from above and meme needlessly. If you can't accept me 
you're a memephobe and need to check your internet privilege. 
Thank you for being so understanding. That's called mental 
gymnastics. The definition of insanity is trying the same thing 
over and over again and expecting different results. The idiotic 
liberal westerners who support Communism though have found a 
loophole to reconciling their support for Communism and the 
ideology's horrific track record; every time Communism fails 
they say it's not real communism because of the resulting 
authoritarianism. Never mind the facet that communism REQUIRES 
AUTHORITARIANISM. You can't expect everyone to share the output 
of their labor with the state, so you must force them to. The 
only way that the system would work in any capacity is if people 
who found themselves with complete control over a country lacked 
all negative human traits and were selfless, benevolent beings. 
Even if they were godlike in their lack of ego and 
incorruptibility, it would still be authoritarianism either way. 
Even if the authority figure actually had the best interests of 
the masses at heart, they'd still be making decisions that 
should be made by individual, sovereign adults. Communism is 
fucking retarded and anyone who supports it is an idiot or a 
monster. Their support for Communism reflects their character 
flaws. They either want to be dominated and cared for, or they 
want a system where they have power and are given unreproachable 
authority to control others. Either they're boot-licking 
supplicants or they're sadists. Did you know that if the Third 
Reich won WW2, they would have utterly crushed the Communist 
movement? That means Communism wouldn't have spread to China, 
Vietnam, or Korea. Without that spread, millions of Chinese who 
perished at the hands of Mao would still be alive today. Without 
Ho Chi Minh coming to power in Vietnam, there would be no 
Vietnam war. Millions of Vietnamese who otherwise died would be 
alive today. And you can forget about the Korean War and the 
existence of the North-South divide: Korea would be a united 
land. In addition, since the Soviets would have been defeated, 
they wouldn't have invaded Afghanistan; and if they didn't do 
that, the CIA wouldn't have funded future terrorist groups. That 
means 9/11 wouldn't have happened either, and we wouldn't have 
invaded Iraq. Countless thousands of Muslim and American lives 
would have spared. No ISIS, no radical Islamic terror. In 
addition, since Hitler was a big fan of the British Empire, I am 
confident that it would have still been around--under much 
better leadership than that crackpot Churchill, of course! And 
if Hitler had prevailed, let's say by winning at Stalingrad, 
perhaps the Americans would have never invaded at Normandy. With 
the victory of Germany, perhaps the nuclear holocausts in 
Hiroshima and Nagasaki would have never occurred. Perhaps the 
Americans would agree to Hitler's peace. And if that happened, 
Germany's infrastructure would never have been severed, and all 
the inmates in the concentration camps would have been spared 
the horrors of starvation and typhus. That's millions upon 
millions of people that would still be alive today, all if 
Hitler's Germany had won the war. Do you think that would have 
been a better world? Perhaps let me rephrase the question: do 
you think that things could possibly be any worse than the 
direction history took after 1945? If it took the erasure of my 
existence in order to set the world back on track, I would 
surely make that sacrifice for the West to have another chance. 
I bet you level dex. It's all about min-maxing; Giant Dad is the 
epitome of min-maxing. Hello. I would like to inform you that 
the moderation on the ROBLOX website is poorly done this is 
enabled by when I caught my 24 year old son playing a very 
violent game called 'Phantom Forces' It started as when I went 
down stairs in my basement (I went down cause their was lots of 
acne cream treatment) and I saw my 24 year old son just sitting 
their playing Phantom Forces and brutally killing people Your 
game has brainwashed my son as when I went up to him and asked 
him what he is doing he said "pc mstr race broooo!!" And he 
called me a 'console peasant'. Remove these violent video games 
immiedietly. I am a true wolverine fan. Every day I stab 3 
knives into each of my hands. I want to be like The Wolverine. I 
sleep in the wintry Canadian wilderness. I want to feel like The 
Wolverine. I punch myself in the face each morning to build up a 
pain tolerance. I want to smell like The Wolverine. I inject 
molten aluminium into my bones to make me stronger. I want to 
look like The Wolverine. I kiss my poster of Hugh Jackman each 
night. I want to love like The Wolverine. I cut off my feet so I 
could be the same height as The Wolverine. It's all worth it 
because now only I can say I am a true fan of The Wolverine. My 
child, let me tell you a story. Long ago, Lord Tachanka created 
the Earth. From his bones he molded the ground, from his blood 
he filled the seas, and from his flesh he crafted man. Man was 
crafted in his image, and the first humans Tachanka took in as 
his children. Tachanka created 16 sons and 3 daughters. One of 
these sons was named Seamus. Seamus was raised in John O'Groats 
Scotland, where he spent his early days woodworking and crafting 
his own toys from wood. It made him very happy with his life and 
resulted in him having hundreds of children with Thatcher, who 
went on to populate the United Kingdom and much of Scotland. By 
the time that Seamus entered high school as a carpentry 
instructor, much of modern government had been established from 
his children. He wanted to help spread knowledge of his craft 
across the globe as to make the world more intelligent and able 
overall. He was excited and looked forward to spreading his 
knowledge. However, Seamus was not ready for having to deal with 
a large class of uneducated English young adults. They were 
rude, unwilling to work, and did not want anything to do with 
him. As a result, Seamus grew frustrated as each day wore on. He 
eventually turned to German narcotics to ease the stress. One 
day when he came to class, the students were being exceptionally 
unruly. They refused to listen at all and insulted him directly. 
Seamus had had enough. He was sick and tired of these insolent 
children disobeying him. After all, he had created many of them. 
He drew his mighty hammer and, in a fit of rage, annihilated 
every student in the class. The other sons of Tachanka, aware of 
his breakdown, attempted to contain Seamus, or Sledge, as he was 
now known. Almost all attempts to stop him failed miserably. 
Thousands were killed. Eventually the operators had to retreat 
to Hereford Base to plan their counterassault. After all of 
their attempts failed, they were at a loss. They knew of nothing 
that could stop him. They could not think of anything to do. And 
Sledge was fast approaching, they were running out of time. In a 
last-ditch attempt to stop Sledge, they lured him into the 
reinforced armory of Hereford base, where he was locked in with 
heavily reinforced steel doors. These worked very well at first, 
but would not last. They needed something stronger. They 
needed... reinforced ballistic barricades. The dark prince 
Castle was called upon. Castle was revered among the operators, 
as he single handedly stopped the siege of Tachanka's fortress 
long ago. His barricades were made of the most powerful 
materials known to man. They decided that he was their best bet 
against Sledge. Castle arrived as Sledge was nearing success in 
destroying the steel doors. He sprung into action, immediately 
barricading every door in Hereford, locking himself and Lord 
Fuze inside to try and contain Sledge. With a sad look at Fuze 
as he put up the last of the barricades, sealing them in, they 
headed downstairs. They could hear Sledge bashing the steel 
barricades. However, he was beginning to tire, his strokes were 
slowing and he was grunting. Finally, they ceased. The pair 
sprung into action, destroying the steel doors and barricading 
them with reinforced ballistic barricades. Fuze quickly planted 
his charges on each door. They would destroy him once and for 
all. For 30 days and 30 nights, the cluster charges fired their 
payloads, never ceasing. They could hear Sledge's screams of 
agony, but he never seemed to stop. Finally, they stopped 
firing. The pair looked through a hole created by the cluster 
charge to see what had happened. To their surprise, they could 
not see Sledge anywhere. He had disappeared. The pair rejoiced. 
Then, a whistle, and...CRACK. Sledge had destroyed the barricade 
that they stood at. Stunned, the pair looked at his horribly 
disfigured face and body in shock. "Doors," he moaned. "Doors... 
bad!" He had associated the cluster charges with Castle's 
barricades. In a fit of rage, he bashed Castle's skull in with 
his hammer. Fuze attempted to run, but was too slow and was also 
killed by Sledge. After escaping his armory prison, Sledge 
destroyed all of the barricades in Hereford Base and escaped. He 
rampaged across the planet, destroying every door in sight. 
After all were gone, Sledge slept, and he remains in his slumber 
to this day. Surskit reproduction has grown symbiotic with 
encroaching human populations. To ensure a powerful mate, many 
Surskits harbor a natural attraction towards people. This is 
well-documented, and thus interspecies copulation is usually 
consensual. Female Surskits attract mates by releasing potent 
pheromones through their dorsal antenna, arousing males in a 
moderate radius. When an interested male is found, Surskits 
skate across the water towards the partner in an attempt to seal 
the deal through impressment. While most pokephiles prefer to 
mate ashore, a few opt to remain in water. In heat, the female 
coaxes her mate on his back and strokes the member to full size. 
With the male genetalia pointed skyward, the Surskit gently 
crawls onto the groin and engulfs the upper portion of the male 
in the ventrally-located vagina. The Surskit's troublesome 
smallness (and shallowness) is compensated by a deep vibration 
of the primitive vocal cords, acting as a pleasure aid. As a 
side effect, the vibration generates a sweet song, relaxing the 
mate as his essence is extracted. Power of the vibration 
increases with time, leading many adventurous pokephiles to 
challenge themselves to resist orgasm for as long as possible. 
Once the pair reach orgasm, the female carefully pries herself 
from the mate, and reenters the water to gestate the egg. As a 
form of gratitude, the female releases a strange pheromone, 
instilling in the spent male a lasting feeling of sexual 
satisfaction that wears off a few hours later. All sexually 
active men are needed for this Adult Community! There are at 
least 9 women in your area that are DTF for this weekend! These 
Hot Milfs are looking for the sexual experience of a lifetime... 
Plain and simple...MILFs dgaf in bed...They've been around the 
block and know exactly what they want... Milfs are wild..she 
might take a firm grasp of your shaft and spank it against their 
clit just to toy with you until you can't handle it anymore. 
Have you seen a college girl do that?? They are NOT looking for 
a relationship. Milfs are independed and don't need you for 
anythign but your addiction to sex. These women have insisted 
all they need is sexually active men of all ages that can have 
some fun in the bedroom. Her travelling to ultra space and 
immediately getting tentacle gang raped by dozens of the 
nihilegos she lusts over They fill lusamine with their seed 
until her stomach is as swollen as a pregnant woman's, and 
because their alien sperm is so potent, she conceives a child, 
goes into labor, and gives birth to a wicked alien spawn within 
minutes Of course while it is rape, lusamine has a look of total 
bliss on her face as she spreads her legs and is forced to give 
birth to the spawn of the creature that just raped her - because 
now she has a "sweet beast" of her own that even has her DNA. I 
sexually Identify as a Nesting Thrush. Ever since I was a 
hatchling boy I dreamed of flitting between treetops and 
scouting the perfect twigs for making my rudimentary hatchery 
just so. People say to me that a person being a smol birb is 
Impossible and I'm fucking retarded but I don't care, I'm 
fucking adorable. I'm having a plastic surgeon turn my lips into 
a beak, replace my legs with little twitchy thrust feet, and 
graft small brown wings onto my body. From now on I want you 
guys to call me "Twitchertips" and respect my right to sit 
within a circlet of twigs regurgitating into the mouths of my 
young for their nourishment. I will also need none of you to use 
any Canesten or other vaginal irritation creams around me while 
I'm undergoing my transition. If you can't accept me you're a 
birbaphobe and need to check your ornithological privilege. 
Thank you for being so understanding. If you think about it, 
this entire sub has gone completely mental. Just imagine what 
this would all look like without the internet medium between us. 
First, one guy shows everyone a picture, then everybody else 
begins laughing and parroting phrases back and forth. Everybody 
in a room, just repeating shit over and over, "Me too thanks!" 
"Me too thanks!" Then someone takes the picture, and draws 
something else on top of it: usually something we can all 
recognize from before. And everybody laughs and parrots the same 
phrase again, "O shit waddup" "90kg projectile!" "Me too 
thanks!" If you imagine it, it looks like we're all in an insane 
asylum. In fact, that's really all we do here: just drive each 
other insane. We keep repeating the same shit over and over 
until one person finally snaps, and everybody agrees and moves 
onto something else. Then the whole fucking cycle repeats 
itself. We're all stuck in the Loony Bin and nobody can escape 
because we just keep feeding into each other's crippling mental 
illness. And I don't know if I can fucking take it anymore, one 
of these days I'm just going to lose every last bit of san- Lol 
I mean me too thanks. Oh wow! You had SEX! Congratulations! Just 
kidding. Having sex is literally the most basic, desperate, 
tragic, hopelessly-void-of-meaning, outrageously obnoxious, 
troublesome, costly, and downright pointless cry for help that 
the universe has ever screamed. Wow, you were born as an 
objectively good looking, decent looking, or perhaps borderline 
acceptable member of your species. WOW! INCREDIBLE! You managed 
to procure a willing (which in evolutionary terms, willing 
translates roughly to "fucking desperate for at least a few 
reasons") mate and managed to somehow perform the act of 
intercourse with her! WOW! This his literally only been taking 
place for HUNDREDS OF MILLIONS OF FUCKING YEARS! WOW! Except 
guess what, you probably wore a condom... which means you failed 
at submitting yourself to an act which means absolutely nothing. 
The only thing left to do now is kill yourself. American females 
all want Tyrone and Jamal. You're fucked. You'll always be 
playing second fiddle. If you're a white male in America, you 
are automatically ethnicel. Any black guys who claim to be incel 
are actually volcel, because all they have to to is wear baggy 
clothes, bounce a basketball around and repeatedly hit their 
head until they've got an IQ of 3. White FHOs for miles around 
will be dropping their crusty underwear for this. So...yeah. I 
really don't want to go into detail about how it happened, but 
my penis is stuck in a coke can. I've tried pulling it out, but 
the lip of the can keeps ripping at my flesh. I've tried using a 
knife to cut the can, too, but needless, to say, that didn't end 
well. I wasn't circumcised before I got stuck in this can, but 
now... Well, if you could advise me about how to extricate 
myself without any sharp objects, and hopefully without the aid 
of another person, that would be awesome. As a twenty year old 
single male I think it's very hard to find a girl who's actually 
interested in free software. I've had girls jokingly ask to 
"Netflix and chill" but when I tell her that I don't use Netflix 
since Netflix requires proprietary software to stream content, 
they stop talking to me. And worse if they do stay they think 
I'm weird since I blocked google IP's in my host file and we 
can't even watch youtube. I can't ever seem to get girls to come 
over to my place and I can't text them either. Once I get their 
numbers since I've added custom roms to my phone and refuse to 
use sms since it's a security concern I require all of my 
friends to download a free and open source messaging app and I 
share with them my public gpg key so that we can verify that our 
conversations are secure. None of my friends are willing to do 
this. And I can't use sites like tinder since it's not only 
proprietary software but a major privacy vulnerability. How come 
it is so hard to find a girl concerned about software freedom. I 
feel like I'm going to be a virgin forever. How the FUCK can you 
POSSIBLY say Total Recall has not aged well? Total Recall has 
aged better than any movie. It's vision of the future is super 
stylized, very interesting, very detailed. It's not an accurate 
vision of the future, but why is it supposed to be? Everything 
about it is in-universe acceptable. Nothing sticks out, nothing 
is odd. It's a gritty, tech-infused future. Things are chunky 
but advanced. You want to know why I love dat boi? Dat boi is a 
completely self-made meme. So many other memes are based in 
nostalgic childrens shows, funny faces, relatable situations, or 
references. Not dat boi. Dat boi is completely absurd. It's a 
low-res frog on a unicycle, and an arbitrary method for greeting 
him. The first person to ever upvote dat boi did not do so out 
of recognition. The first person to ever upvote dat boi did not 
do so because a pre-existing meme format. The first person to 
ever upvote dat boi upvoted a meme literally pulled from the 
ether by sheer human creativity and willpower. Dat boi is 
evidence that humans can stare into the meaningless void of 
eternity and force their own meaning onto to it. I will always 
upvote dat boi, o shit waddup! I am gay myself, but yet I 
absolutely deplore the LGBT community. They've turned their 
focus from a reasonable civilized standpoint and have now become 
those who throw nude parades to rub their homosexuality and 
stupidity in your face. Personally, I've never been more 
disgusted by the LGBT community, and hope it burns. What you do 
in the fucking bedroom is your own business. You don't have to 
go around and strut your junk around KIDS just because you're 
proud of being fucked in the ass or like to grind against 
another cunt. In fact, fuck you LGBT. There is no privacy 
anymore because of you. There shouldn't have been any need to 
have random strangers walk up to you and ask "Are you gay?" In 
fact, it's outright embarrassing! Nobody should need to know 
what I do with others in the privacy of my home when I barely 
know them! Another thing is this "Gender" Bullshit. You can chop 
off your bits and change them out if you want, no fucking 
problem there. But if you want to be called a girl, then you 
better look goddamn convincing enough. It's all or nothing. You 
better make goddamn sure that doctors know that you're a man or 
a woman officially on that little note sheet. They've gotta know 
your original anatomy to make sure they don't fuck up your shit. 
If you look like a guy, that's what I'm going to call you. Same 
to girls. Fuck you. And to all you people of the 73 gender 
spectrum, it's going to be pretty goddamn hard to be taken 
seriously if you keep up the fucking charade. You're not a 
special snowflake, you're just disappointing. When your mom 
fingers your asshole and makes you shit on her chest in front of 
all your friends and posts it on YouTube and sends the link to 
your grandmother and she has a heart attack and dies and 
collects all her inheritance and buys a golden dildo and smacks 
the mailman in the face with it and now you can't get your mail 
anymore. I think you should go to your nearest walmart.Go to 
their men's restroom (assuming your gender). Look promptly at 
the Urinal. See that round mint floating there in what looks 
like residue piss? Go ahead and grab that and place it directly 
under your tongue. Its the latest progressive trend and everyone 
is doing it! The real high doesn't kick in until you go look in 
the mirror. Go ahead take a nice long look. After you have 
fulfilled your homosexual desires fucking bash your god damn 
head into the sink repeatedly until the mint under your tongue 
begins to taste like a black-cock foreskin. Heres the result of 
what happens when white suburbia gets fucked in a chilis parking 
lot. Maybe it was that, the Franzia induced whoring or the piss 
where reproductive fluids should have been that you, as a 
product of these things are so sure real "thugs" or "murderers" 
take selfies of themselves signing the shocker to post online. 
Or maybe you read too much into the "front page of the internet" 
slogan and fancy yourself making headlines. Turn your computer 
off, go ask your mom if its ok if you have a diet soda and go 
play outside, boy. All your doing here is REALLY not helping our 
societies argument against Daesh. Wear something casual, but not 
too casual. Have a paper copy of your driver's license ready, 
with your phone number on the back side. You go in to buy 
something, like a coke or a protein shake, and some beef jerky. 
Then you scratch your butthole with your dominant index finger. 
Trust me, it will make sense later. You go to the cash register 
where she is, keep a natural grin on your face, not a creepy 
one. Just a relaxed one that invokes the idea that you are 
having a decent day so far. You put the stuff on the counter, 
and as she scans it, you look out the window and say, "Wonderful 
weather we're having. Perfect day for committing a rape." Follow 
up with a hearty chuckle, then look her in the eyes and ask her, 
"What time are you getting off tonight?" You remember your 
butthole finger? That's right, before she answers, place that 
finger suavely on her lips and say, "Depending on your answer, I 
may be getting off at around the same time, if you know what I 
mean." Take your paper License and stuff it in her cleavage. 
Make sure you really get it in there to the sweaty part. Then 
smoothly walk out the store, and never look back.
If things go right, you will be detained in a jail or prison, where you will meet other men who actually know how to charm a woman.
This isn't a robot. It very well may have hydraulic arms, a drive train, and a circuit board. But this isn't a robot. This is a lesson in humility, hard work and collaboration. This is a crossfit workout for the muscle upstairs. This is an apple for the next generation of Newtons. It's a lot of things. But this isn't a robot. This is a roadmap that leads straight to engineering. This is a rock to shatter a thousand glass ceilings. A rope to pull a generation up and out of poverty. A sledgehammer to break down cultural barriers and a universal language spoken in every nation on Earth. And because of that this is a compass that can help point the way to peace. But please don't think this is just a robot. This is glassdenberry for technology. This is mission control for the next moon shot. This is the Rosetta Stone to help translate the future. This is the sport that will help us win tomorrow. This is the software to program ourselves to cure cancer, build a clean engine or step foot on Mars. But this isn't a robot. It's a machine to build the people who will change the world.
Fresh off the boat, from reddit, kid? heh I remember when I was just like you. Braindead. Lemme give you a tip so you can make it in this cyber sanctuary: never make jokes like that. You got no reputation here, you got no name, you got jackshit here. It's survival of the fittest and you ain't gonna survive long on 4chan by saying stupid jokes that your little hugbox cuntsucking reddit friends would upboat. None of that here. You don't upboat. You don't downboat. This ain't reddit, kid. This is 4chan. We have REAL intellectual discussion, something I don't think you're all that familiar with. You don't like it, you can hit the bricks on over to imgur, you daily show watching son of a bitch. I hope you don't tho. I hope you stay here and learn our ways. Things are different here, unlike any other place that the light of internet pop culture reaches.
You're violating these women by viewing and sharing their photos without their consent; it doesn't matter whether or not these photos were taken by them, their lover, or a stranger on the street. A big part of what defines the act of rape is the lack of consent and there is clearly a lack of consent here. These images are even more appealing to you because there is an aspect of "forbidden fruit" due to the nature of the nude photographs being stolen and originating from celebrities. In addition, you find a thrill when you do these type of acts in hope that you will see something special. The fact that you have no morals or ethics is a sign that you have a deeper psychiatric issue going on inside your head. This is a form of sexual assault. You don't see it as such because you have been blinded by rape culture.

If I were to punch you in the face, you'd be in pain. If I were to shoot you in the torso, you'd be in more pain. Both actions cause you pain, but one more than the other; the lesser act of assault is not negated simply because you could be a victim of a greater act of assault. Likewise, the act of sharing and viewing these nude photographs is still a violation of these victims/women regardless of whether greater forms of sexual assault exist. The way these victims/women dress does not warrant any coercion nor negative criticism of their character. Their privacy is an object permanence that does not need to be expressed. With their clothes on it is recognized as a continuous implied "No" and yet you continue on with your acts. Men have been locked up for less than three "No's" in the act of rape by their victim. These people are not asking for it nor would any normal person under the same circumstances. If you sick individuals have a conscience, you will cease viewing and sharing these stolen/shared photos because you are currently no different than a common rapist.
What even is this fucking demented freak of nature? What kind of horrendous, venomous piece of trash did god even eat to be able to shit out something even remotely as weird as this subhuman abomination? How could any living creature in this universe have such an abysmally low amount of self respect to be able to be this incredibly bizarre and downright offensively disturbing? How could something like this even exist? Someone this repulsively vile seems to contradict the very makings of the universe! The fact that someone like him can even exist shows that we clearly need to change our understanding of the world, of reality itself! This...thing is definitive proof that God doesn't exist, for not even the cruelest god would allow a human being to suffer so much, nor would he unleash this obscene disgrace of nature upon the world for every creature to see. And you assholes are no better than this deranged beast, advocating such behavior makes you no better than him. Get some fucking help.
Ants. I can't explain it honestly, but ever since I was little I've had this fascination with them. Ants really get my motor running. The thought of thousands of them crawling all over my body and my dick just biting the shit out of me gives me a goddamn head rush. Sometimes I like to imagine a world where I can walk outside and just fuck an anthill and all the little ants start to freak out and attack my invading member, but it's already too late, I'm on all fours and just going at it. Raping their home into a pile of rubble and then drowning their queen in my thick semen.
I despise it. I have to take great precaution to avoid that little button in the top corner of my camera screen. Sometimes, even precaution fails: a finger slips and the camera spins round and shows me my face and I grow irate and frustrated, and then i grow sad.

It makes me want to throw my phone across the room as if its destruction might eradicate my face from existence too. Were it so simple. Instead I have to live with that demon perpetually present but only seldom seen. Sometime the camera doesn't even need to be on. Sometimes I'll catch myself in a particularly reflective surface, perhaps the black of my phone's unpowered screen will show my what I pray my camera won't.

Do you Normies have any idea how that feels? How it feels to fear your own reflection? To rue the possibility of your face rendering itself visible to you? To traverse your daily life with a demon on your skull that might at any time reveal itself in a whirl of nausea and self-loathing?

While friends raise their phones and ready their snapchat filters, i scurry away; I hide my face, anything to avoid seeing myself displayed in image. Sometimes they'll point their weapon at me, and I'll see myself live upon their screens and I feel helpless as I never otherwise do. I feel naked, my most shameful features exposed and ready to be shared to whichever recipients they will. You cannot know true loathing till you must hide from yourself. 'Till you hide from every car window, every mirror, every pavement puddle; each a passage back from whatever daydream might have allayed your suffering.

I hate myself and everything that serves to replicate me.

Hello, I am currently 16 years old and I want to become a walrus. I know there’s a million people out there just like me, but I promise you I’m different. On December 14th, I’m moving to Antarctica; home of the greatest walruses. I’ve already cut off my arms, and now slide on my stomach everywhere I go as training. I may not be a walrus yet, but I promise you if you give me a chance and the support I need, I will become the greatest walrus ever.﻿

I've replaced them both as the patriarch of your family, and your universe. Your mom wouldn't have accepted me if I came home without you and your sister, so now you know the real reason I rescued you. I just took over the family, Morty! And if you tell your mom or sister I said any of this, I'll deny it, and they'll take my side because I'm a hero, Morty! Now you're gonna have to do whatever I say, Morty! Forever! And  I'll go out and I'll find some more of that Mulan szechuan teriyaki dipping sauce, Morty! Be-because that's-that's what this is all about, Morty! That's my one-armed man! I'm not driven by avenging my dead family, Morty, that was fake! I-I-I'm driven by finding that McNugget sauce! I want that Mulan McNugget sauce, Morty! That's my series arc, Morty! If it takes nine seasons, I want my McNugget dipping sauce szechuan sauce, Morty! 

Morty! Season-nine more seasons, Morty! Nine more seasons until I get that dipping szechuan sauce! Only 97 more years, Morty! I want that McNugget sauce, Morty! 
At school, every child has a fidget spinner and the entire building hums like a giant white noise machine. Some schools across the country, including one in Evanston, have banned the gadgets, presumably out of fear that if all the children were to simultaneously spin their spinners in the same direction it would form a vortex that could wipe out half the city.
Nerdy girls, fat girls, serious girls, polite girls, religion girls, gym girls, artistic girls they are all the same shit. They love sex, alcohol, weed and every sort of binge. No matter how introverted or unwanted they claim to be they have all experienced the aforementioned things.

The worst part is that they demand the guy that hits on them be degenerate as well. Will a girl that plays video games and watches anime date an introverted guy with the same interests? Hell no. She wants a guy with the same, or even more, count of extrovert activities which include fucking, partying and smoking weed with others.

There is no forgiveness when it comes to men like us. No girl likes us because we do not have experience in the activities that are sexually appealing to femoids. That's why you see deadbeats dating girls that have good grades in the uni. It's because they have exactly what a female wants in a man.

I mean, having a virginity is the greatest quality a woman can have. When you buy a toy, do you want an opened toy, or an unopened one? Obviously the unopened one, right? Now, sluts with broken cocksleeves are great for practice, but a true woman must be a delicacy, and in order for her to be that, her hymen must be 100% intact. She must shudder in pain and longing when I penetrate her virginal flesh, and she must wrap her legs around me and say "Oh, it hurts senpai" and moan. My eyes will gleam with energy and I will continue to plow her fertile field with my ox. The katana on my back will be gleaming from the bright sunlight (my katana draws the power of the sun to slay my enemies, it can also shoot energy beams) After 10 minutes of relentless, passionate intercourse, I shall withdraw my wakizashi from her sheathe, and unleash it in passionate climax all over her face. "Ughghhhhnnn unhhhhb" I shall grunt, the primal scream of my ancestors, as my wakizashi explodes in salty delight over her delicate face. My wakizashi will shrink to a tanto as I put it away. "Baka!" The girl will say. Winking, I shrug. She leans in for the hug. As quick as a blink, I teleport behind her. "Nothing personell, mlady. But I do not wish to linger. " I sprint away, running with my arms behind my back to i crease aerodynamic flow and allow me easy access to my back sheathed katana that can channel the power of the sun.Your mom and I are very proud and happy that you are back home. We enjoy watching you grow older and mature, even if you are living with us again.
We are concerned about one thing. Do you remember the talks we had when you were 13? And 15? And again at 18 about performing the five finger shuffle too frequently? We hoped you grew out of it but it appears to continue.
You know your mom and I think shucking corn is totally normal and we have no issue with it. We are concerned that you seem to wanking on the hour every hour for about 20 minutes. This occurs nearly everyday at all hours. We are worried that your persistent love on and for yourself might mean you will never leave home and the free wifi you get here.
Listen, I get it. Your old man occasionally fires up some babysitter porn and wrestles with the eel on nights when your mom won't put on her lacy thigh highs, nipple clamps and play obedient sub for me. A man needs to take care of his meat from time to time.
Can I at least ask for two things? First, please unplug your computer from the surround sound when we are home. I remember the days of polishing the bishop in full dolby 5.1 where I could hear the gagging from the the right speaker and moaning on the left. It was amazing. But being awakened by what appears to be a woman blowing a horse at 3 am in the morning is discomforting. Second, can you stop using your sisters clothes as your cum rag. I know her clothes are tattered and should be thrown out but she is only 6 and doesn't understand the concept of taking care of things. Plus, your mom does her laundry and I she stopped buying the yogurt excuses months ago when your sister stopped eating those Danimal smoothies
Thanks. And can you take out the trash when you wake up?
Hentai is art. Why do people try and argue against this? Is it just butthurt western artists jealous that an entire form of expression is locked away from them? Hentai is not just art; it is artistic expression in its most unadulterated form. Go to the Louvre and look at the Mona Lisa, tell me what you feel; angry? Sad? No, you wont feel any of those, you might appreciate the talent of Da Vinci, and the line work or colours, but what does it make you feel? The best pieces of art carry real emotion, really making you feel with just strokes on paper. Hentai taps into the most primal of human feelings: lust. The very desire for all living creatures, the very meaning of life, represented in the succinct form of art. Some of the greatest moments of my life have been inspired from this art, and you have the nerve to doubt it because youre some butthurt American mad you can only draw nonsense and call it "abstract"? Need more proof? Waifus. People are so infatuated with this art they go as far as to literally fall in love with it. Did people in renaissance Italy fall in love with the Mona Lisa and sleep with body pillows of her, desperate for the intimacy with their lover? NO! Because it lacks the true, raw emotion that Hentai has. Next time you think about saying Hentai "isnt real art" remember the happiness it has brought people, and the raw emotions it inspires deep within. Dont try and tear down another art form down just because youre a Butthurt westerner who cant draw for shit.
Your implants and cry for attention on here only highlight what you and everyone else already suspect... you are insecure.
Likely your insecurity stems from always questioning if you really ever earned anything by merit. Most people probably hand you things because they like looking at you. But that's made you vapid, shallow, and unable to perform in any way that adds true value in the world.
Your relationships are superficial. Your romance life always has the shadow of doubt. Does he love you... or how you look? If you were disfigured, would anyone give you a second glance based on personality?
That nagging feeling will keep you looking for validation. It keeps you in the gym. It makes you post photos online looking for praise or positive attention. It keeps you going back for a nip here and tuck there. Before long you'll look like Donatella Versace with the personality of one of her handbags.
You'll shift from being the center of attention to being part of a gaggle of women who make rude comments about younger girls because you feel jealous and rude comments about men who no longer pay attention to you.
You'd be better served working on being a better person than hunting for attention on Reddit, but you'll likely die young and your grave will be about as shallow as your personality.
Cringing is really overblown lately. Recently it's become a really popular term for anything out of the norm. It used to mean painfully awkward moments that made you want to crawl into a hole and die, but now it's just simple stuff like a guy getting excited for a gift. He was probably joking around with his family and friends during Christmas, so cringey!
And with the familiarity and easy grace peculiar to
him, he raised the maid of honors hand to his lips, kissed
it, and swung it to and fro as he lay back in his armchair,
looking in another direction. 
As a high school dropout myself and now a mother of six, one child being a recent high school graduate, one just entering high school, and another soon to enter high school in a year with three others trailing behind, I often find myself reflecting on my high school years. Why was I so unmotivated to finish high school? What made me want to go back to school? The question it all comes down to is, what can be done to prevent high school students from losing motivation, detouring them from dropping out and not becoming just another statistic? Motivating high school students may seem like a daunting task; however, it is easier than we think by encouraging them, helping them acquire their own aspirations, and making school interesting. Students will not only meet graduation requirements, but they will feel a sense of accomplishment while doing it.
A strategy that nursing should use to help in the effort to reduce health care cost inflation is quality improvement in the form of prevention. This prevention onus is on every nurse for eliminating all potential for injury due to medication errors. A truly comprehensive improvement program for medication error prevention can also reduce the risk of malpractice. Evidence is clear, as seen in integrated care delivery systems, that reducing medication error injuries has dramatically affected quality outcomes. Strategies for such improvement are most effective if each nurse takes on the personal responsibility to work and provide care with utmost ethics and safety. Mandatory continuing education and regular skills checks and updates in places of employment help nurses to keep functioning based on the safest and best standards.
You're on a rock floating in space. Pretty cool, huh? Some of its water, actually fuck it, most of its water. I can't even get from here to there without buying a boat. It's sad, I'm sad. I miss you. How did this happen? A long time ago actually never, also now, nothing is nowhere. When? Never. Makes sense, right? Like I said, it didn't happen. Nothing was never anywhere. That's why it's been everywhere. It's been so everywhere you don't even need the where. You don't even need a when. That's how every it gets. Forget this. I wanna be something, go somewhere, do something. I want things to change. I want to invent time and space. And I know it's possible because everything is here and it probably already happened. I just don't know when to start. And that's exactly where it started. Whoa. I Paused it. I think there's a universe now. What's it made of? Quarks and stuff. Ah, that's a thing, in a place. Don't like it? Try a new place. At a different time. Try to stick together because the world is gonna get bigger and emptier, but it's not empty yet. It's still very full and about a gillion (kjghpillion) degrees. Great news the quarks are now happily married in groups of three called a proton or a neutron. And there's something else flying around too that wants to join in but it can't because it's still too hot. Great news the protons and neutrons are now happily married to each other. Some of them even doubled up. Great news the electrons have now joined. Congratulations the world is now a bunch of gas and space. But it's getting closer together. And it's getting closer together. And it's getting closer together- it's a star. New shit just got made. Some stars burn out and die. Other stars burn out and die with passion and make some brand new way crazier shit. Space dust. Which allows new more interesting stars to be made and then die and explode into Even crazier space stuff. So now stars have cool stuff around them, like rocks, ice, and funny clouds, which can make some very interesting things. Like this ball of flaming rock for example. Oh shit we just got hit with another ball of flaming rocks, and it kind of made a mess which is now the moon. Weather update, it's now raining rocks from outer space. Weather update, the rocks might've had water inside them and now there's hot steam in the sky. Weather update, cooler temperatures today and the floor is no longer lava. Weather update. It's raining. Severe flooding alert. The entire world is now an ocean. Volcano alert. That's land. Theressomethingintheocean. What? Something's alive in the ocean. Oh cool, like a plant or an animal? No! A microscopic speck. It lives at the bottom of the ocean and eats chemical soup which is being served hot and fresh, made from gnarly space ingredients left over from when it was raining rocks or whatever. Oh yeah, and it can do that. And it has secret instructions written inside itself telling it how to build another one of itself. So that's pretty nifty I would say. Tired of living at the bottom of the ocean? Now you can eat sunlight. Using a revolutionary technique you can convert sunlight into food. Taste the sun. Side effect now there's oxygen everywhere and the sky is blue. Then the earth might've been a snowball for a while. Maybe even a couple of times. It's a sponge. It's a plant. it's a worm. And some other types of weird strange water bugs and strange fish. It's the Cambrian explosion. Wow that's animals and stuff. But we're still in the ocean. Hey can we go on land? No. Why? The sun is a deadly laser. Oh okay. Not anymore there's a blanket. Now the animals can go on land. Come on animals, let's go on land. Nope, can't walk yet. And there's no food yet so I don't care. Okay will you learn to walk if there's plants up here? Maybe, said some bugs. And fish. Uh. Uh. Uh. Okay so I can go on land but I have to back in the water to have babies. Learn to use an egg. I was already doing that. Use a stronger egg. Put water in it. Have a baby on land in an egg, water is in the egg. Baby in the egg in the water in the egg. Works for me. Bye bye ocean. And now everythings huge, including bugs. Wanna see a map of the land? Sure. Oh fuck, now everythings dead. Just kidding here are the survivors. Keep your eye on this one because it's about to become the dinosaurs. Here's another map of the land.
 It broke apart don't worry about it it does that all the time. Here comes a meteor. And the dinosaurs are gone. It's mammal time. Here come the mammals. Look at those breasts. Now they're gonna dominate the world, and one of them just learned how to grab stuff. And walk. No, like walk like that. And grab stuff at the same time. And bang rocks together to make pointed rocks, ouch. And set things on fire, ouch. And make crazy sounds with their voice, gneurshk, which can mean different things. That's a human person. And now they're everywhere. Almost. Ice age. What you can walk over here! Cool. Not anymore. Well I guess we're stuck here now. Let's review there's people on the planet. And they're chasing their food. Fuck it, time to plant some grass. Look at this, I control the food now. Now everyone will want to be my friend and live near me. Let's all build houses except mine is bigger because I own the food. This is great I wonder if anyone else is doing this. Tired of using rocks for everything? Use metal. It's underground. Better farming was just invented in a sweet dank valley right in between these two rivers. And the animals are helping. Guess what happens next? More food. And more people who came to buy the food. Now you need people to help build the food and keep track of the sales. And now you need houses for people to live in and people to make the houses and now there's more people and they invent things which makes things better and more people come and there's more farming and more people to make more things for more people and now there's business, money, writing, laws, power, society. Coming soon to a dank river valley near you. Meanwhile out in the middle of nowhere the horses are probably being tamed. Why is all my metal so lame and lumpy? Tired of using lame sad metal? Introducing bronze. Made with special ingredient tin from the far lands of tin land. I don't know, my dealer won't tell me where he gets it. Also, guess what? Egypt! Meanwhile out in the middle of nowhere they figured out how to put wheels on a horse. Now we're getting somewhere. Also, china! And did I mention Indus River valley civilization. Norte Chico! The Middle East is getting more complicated, maybe because it's in the middle of the east. Knock knock, or clop clop. It's the people with the horses and they made an empire. And then everyone else copied their horses. Greeks. Oh look it must be the Greeks, or a beta version of the Greeks. Let's check in with the Indus River valley civilization. They're gone. Guess who's not gone? China! New arrivals in India. Maybe it's those horse people I was talking about, or their cousins or something. And they wrote some hymns and mantras And stuff. We could make a religion out of this. There's the Bronze Age collapse. Now the phoenicians can get down to business. Also, can we switch to a metal that's a little easier to find? Thanks. Look who came back to Israel, it's the twelve tribes of Israel. And they believe in god. Just one though he's got like a ten step program. Here's some huge heads, must be the Olmecs. The phoenicians make some colonies. The Greeks copy their idea and make some colonies. The phoenicians made a colony so big it made colonies. Here comes the Assyrian empire. Never mind it's the babyloni-medi-it's the Persian empire. Wow, that's big. Ah, the Buddha was just enlightened. Who's the Buddha? This guy who sat under a tree for so long that he figured out how to ignore the fact that we're all dying. You could make a religion out of this. Oops China just broke, and while it was breaking Confucius was figuring out how to have good morals. Ah, the Greeks had the idea of thinking about stuff. And right over here Alexander just had the idea of conquering the entire Persian empire. It's a great idea. He was great. And now he's dead. Hopefully the rest of the gang will be able to share the empire evenly between them. Knock knock it's chandragupta. He says get the hell out of here will you get the hell out of here if I give you 500 elephants ok thanks bye. Time to conquer all of India. Or most of india. But what about this part. That's the Tamil kings. No one conquers the Tamil kings. Who are the Tamil kings? Merchants probably. And they've got spices. Who would like to buy the spices? Me said the Arabians, swiftly buying it and selling it to the rest of the world. Hey China put itself back together again, with good morals as their main philosophy. Actually they have three main philosophies. Out here the horse nomads run wild and free and they'd like to ransack your city. Let's check the greekification levels of the greekified kingdoms. Greekification overload. Bye said the parthians. Bye said the Jews. Hi said the Parthians taking over the entire place. Heyyy said the romans eating the entire Mediterranean for breakfast. Thanks for invading our homeland, said the Jews who were starting to get tired of people invading their homeland. Hi. Everything's great said some guy who seems to be getting very popular and is then arrested and killed for being too popular which only makes him more popular. You could make a religion out of this. Want silk? Now you can buy it from China. They just made a brand new road to the world. Or you could get there on water. Sick new trade routes said India, accidentally spreading their religion to the entire southeast. Hmm, thats a good place for an epic trading kingdom. There goes buddhism traveling up the silk road. I wonder if it will reach China before it collapses again. Remember the persian empire? Yup said the persians, making a new one. Axum is getting so powerful they would like to build a long stick. Has anyone populated madagascar yet? Lets do it together. China is whole again Then it broke again. Still cant cross the sahara desert? Try camels. Hell yeah, now we got business said the Ghana Empire selling lots of gold and slaves. Hi I live in the roman empire and I was wondering is loving Jesus legal yet. No. Actually okay sure said Constantine moving the capital way over here to be closer to be closer to his main rival. Dont worry about rome, it wont fall. Its the golden age of India. Theres the Gupta empire. Not chandragupta. First name Chandra. The first. Guess whos in rome. Barbarians.
Whats a barbarian? Non-romans said the romans, being invaded by non-romans. Rip roman empire. Or actually just half of it, the other half is just fine. But its not in rome anymore so lets give it a new name. The mayans have figured out the stars. Oh and heres a huge city population everyone. The gokturks have taken over the entire eurasian steppe. Great job gokturks Hows india? Broken. Hows china? Back together. Hows those trading kingdoms. Bigger and theres more of them. Korea has three kingdoms. Japan has a kingdom its the sunrise kingdom. Deep in the arabian desert on the top of a mountain the real god whispers in mohammeds ear. So he goes down to the cube where everyone worships gods and tells them their gods are all fake. And everyone gets so mad at him that he had to leave town and go to a different town. You could make a religion out of this, and maybe conquer the world as well. The roman empire is long gone but somehow the pope is still the pope. Plus theres new kingdoms all over europe. I wonder if there is room for moors. Heres all the wisdom. In a house. Its the baghdad house of wisdom. Just in time for the islamic golden age. Lets bring stuff to the coast and sell it and become the swahili on the swahili coast said the swahili on the swahili coast. Remember this tiny space you have to go through to get from here to there. Someone owns that now. Wanna get enlightened in the middle of nowhere? The Franks have the biggest kingdom in europe. And the pope is so proud that he invites the king over for christmas. Surprise, youre the new roman emperor said the pope, pretending to still be part of the roman empire. Then the franks broke their kingdom into what will later be called france and not france. The northerners, or just norse if you dont have much time, are exploring. They go north, from the north to the northern north and they find some land, two types of land, and they name them accordingly. They also invade some other places and get called many names such as vikings. Theres the rus. The kievan rus. Are they vikings? I dont think so said the kievan rus. Ok fair enough. The pope is ready to make more emperors. Of the roman empire, the holy roman empire. Its actually germany but dont worry about it. New kingdoms. Christianize all the kingdoms. Which brand would you like? Mines better. Mines better. Mines better. Time to conquer england said william. Its a bird, its a plane, its the seljuk turks. Aah! Said the byzantine empire, whos getting so small it almost doesnt exist anymore. We need help! They need help so they call the pope. Hey pope, can you help us get rid of the seljuks, maybe take back the holy land on the way? Come on, I know you want to take back the holy land. Yes, i actually want to do that. Lets do a crusade. Crusade! They did many crusades, some of which almost didnt fail, but at least the italians got some sweet trade deals. Goodbye mayans. Hello toltecs. Goodbye toltecs. Hello mississippi. Look at those mounds. Theres the pueblo, I always wondered how to build a town in a cliff. Guess whos here. Khmer! Here! And Pagan is there. Vietnam unconquered itself, Korea just became itself, and japan is so addicted to art that the military might have to take over the government. China just invented bombs, and typing. And the mongols just invaded most of the universe. Nice going Genghis, I bet that will last a long time. Some of the islamic turks were unaffected by the mongol invasions because they were busy invading india. Is it tonga time? I think its tonga time. I just found out where the swahili gets all their gold. Look at this chad. IT means lake. Theres an empire there, right in the middle of africa. The king of mali is so rich hes going on tour to let everyone know. Wow that guy is rich, everyone said. The christians are doing a great job reconquering iberia, which will soon be called spain and not spain. Please remain christian. We will check in later to see if youre still christian when you least expect.
Whoops, half of europe just died. China is back yay! Hey khmer, time to share new kingdoms here and there. Oh look who controls all the islands. Its the mahajapit, majahapit, mapajahit, mahapajit, mapajahit, majapahit? Oh italys really rich. Time for them to care a lot about art and ancient classics. Its kind of like a rebirth. Heres a printer, lets make books. So you think you can conquer the byzantine empire? Yup, said the ottoman turks. Nice job ottoman turks. Whoops, you missed a spot. Dont forget to ban europe from the indian spice trade. What? Thats bullshit, said portugal spiceless. Well I guess well have to find another way to india. Wait! Said christopher columbus, probably smoking crack. If the world is round, lets go this way to india. No dont worry we already got this said portugal, so chris goes to spain. Hey spain, wanna hire me to find india by going around the back of the world? No. Please? No. Please? No. Please? Okay. so he sails into the ocean, and discovers more ocean. And then discovers the indies, and japan. Lets draw a line to decide who gets which half of the world. The aztec and inca empires are off to a great start. I wonder if they know that europe just discovered their continent. The hapsburgs are marrying into so many royal families they might have to start marrying each other. Move over lithuania, here comes moscow. Ivan wants to make russia great again. Move over timurids, maybe go invade india or something. Persia just made persia persia again. Lets make it the other kind of islam. The one where we thought the first guy shouldve been the other guy. Hey christians, do you sin? Now you can buy your way out of hell. Thats bullshit. This whole thing is bullshit. Thats a scam. Fuck the church. Heres ninety-five reasons why, said martin luther in his new book which mightve accidentally started the protestant reformation. You know what would be magnificent? Said suleiman wearing an onion hat. What if the ottoman empire was really big, which it is now. What if russia was really big, said ivan trying not to be terrible. Portugal had a dream that they controlled the entire indian ocean including the spice trade. And then that dream was real. And spain realized that this is not india, but they pillaged it anyways. Damn said england and france, we gotta start pillaging stuff. Then the dutch revolt and all the hipsters move to amsterdam. Damn said amsterdam. We gotta start pillaging stuff. Question 1, can you get to india through north america. No, but at least theres beaver. Question 2, steal the spice trade. Thats not a question but the dutch did it anyways. Sugar. Guess where all the sugars made, in brazil, stolen! In the caribbean. And its so goddamn profitable you might forget to not do slavery. The next thing on russias to do list is to get bigger. Britain and france are having a friendly discussion about who should control the entire world. More specifically ohio. Then it escalates into a seven year discussion, giving prussia the chance to show austria whos boss. But what about britain and france, did they figure out whos boss? Yes they did, its britain. Guess whos broke? Also britain, so they start taxing the hell out of america. Fuck you, says america, declaring its independence and fighting for it. And france helps them win so now france is broke. And britain will have to start sending its prisoners to a different continent. Wait if france is broke why do the king and queen still wear such fancy dresses. Lets overthrow the palace and cut all their heads off said robespierre, cutting everybodys head off until someone eventually got mad and cut his head off. You could make a religion, no dont Haiti is starting to like the idea of a revolution, especially the slaves who free themselves by killing their masters. Why didnt we think of this before? Wait who's in charge of france now? Me, said napoleon trying to take over europe. Luckily they banished him to an island. Luckily they banished him to another island. There goes latin america, becoming independent in the latin american wars of independence. Britain just figured out how to turn steam into power, so now they can make many different types of machines and factories with machines in them so they can make a lot of products real fast. Then they invent some trains, and conquer india and maybe put some trains there. Hey china, said britain. Buy stuff from us. Nah dude, we already got everything, said china. So britain tried to get them addicted to opium, which worked actually. But then china made it illegal and dumped it all into the sea. So britain threw a hissy fit and made them open up 5 cities and give them an island. Britain and russia are playing a game where they try to stop each other from conquering afghanistan. Also the sultan of oman lives in zanzibar now. Thats just where he lives. India just had a revolution and they would like to govern themselves now. Nope said britain governing them even harder than before. Beeps. Technology is about to go crazy. The united states finally figured out whether slavery is good or bad. Its bad they decided, and then they continued to manifesting their destiny, which is to kill the rest of the natives and take their land and maybe kick out the mexicans too. I know, lets rape africa said europe, scrambling to see who could rape it the fastest. They never got ethiopia. Britain and france are still hungry. They never got thailand. The united states ran out of destiny to manifest so theyre looking for more. Hawaii and cuba. Wait spain controls cuba. Well blame something on them and go to war. What should we blame on spain? Lets blame the maine on spain, so they blamed the maine on spain. Now were in business. To celebrate they kicked panama out of panama and make a canal, connecting the two oceans. Britain just found oil in the middle east. It makes cars go. China is so tired of being bossed around that they delete their own government and make a new stronger government which is accidentally weaker and controlled by a guy from the previous government. Europe hasn't had a war since the last war so they start world war one. Look at those guns. Its gonna be a great war, so great we wont need a second one. After its over they blame germany. Russia went on strike and the workers overthrew the government. Now everyones paycheck is the same. Communism in the soviet union. The arabs revolt and britain helps. Now the ottoman empire is gone so we can give the jewish people a place to live. Hopefully the arabs wont mind. Lets cut the cake said sikes and picot, carving up the remains of the not so ottoman anymore empire, except turkey, turkey makes a brand new turkey. And then the saudis conquer arabia. It just seemed like the right thing to do. Hello? Yes its the 1920s calling. Lets get in the car and drive to a party, and listen to jazz on the radio and go to the movies. The economys great and it will probably be great forever. Just kidding. Germanys back, featuring hitler, the angry mustache model. And hes mad at the jews for existing. Japan is finally conquering the east, and theyre so excited they rape nanking way too hard. They should probably just deny it. Hitlers out of control so the international community tackles him and tries to explain why killing all the jews is a bad idea, but he kills himself before they could explain it to him. Thats world war two. Bonus round, pacific showdown. United states vs japan. Fight! Finish him. Lets unite all the nations and have some world peace. Seems legit. Hi im gandhi and if britain doesnt get the hell out of india im gonna starve myself in public. Wow that worked? Bonus now theres pakistan. Actually two pakistans. One of them can be bangladesh later. The jews and the arabs finally figured out which one of them should live in the holy land. Me they both said at the same time. Lets divide up the land so everyones happy. Sike, they both get angrier. Look out china, theres a new china in china. Whats on the menu? Communism. No thanks said the other china, escaping to an island. I wonder which one is the real china. Theres the korean war, korea vs korea, nobody wins then its on pause for forever. Lets meet the sponsors. Oh its the two global superpowers. They're having a friendly debate over which economic system is good and which one is an evil virus of satan. And they both have atom bombs. Fight! Wait no, that would be the end of the world. Lets just keep it cool and spy on each other instead. And make sure we have enough atom bombs. Ill race you to space. Now lets make some more countries fight themselves. Europe is tired of pillaging other continents and the continents theyre pillaging are tired of being pillaged, so heres a new map with new countries. Now you cant tell who theyre being pillaged by. The united states finally decided whether racism is good or bad. They decided its bad, and the world agrees. South africa might need another minute to think about it. Lets check the world population. Whoa. okay. Technologys better too. That might keep happening. The soviet union decides to relax a little and accidentally falls apart. Europe makes a union so now they can all use the same money, except britain because they dont feel like it. Lets check the mail, surprise its on the computer. Whoops, someone just attacked america. I bet theyll remember that. Phone call, surprise its in your pocket. Wanna learn everything? Surprise its on your computer. Now youre phones a computer, which is in your pocket. Whoops the economy just crashed. Dont worry, the big banks wont fail because theyre not supposed to. Surprise, flying robots. With bombs. Wanna print a brain? Some people have no friends, some people have no food, the globe is warming, and the ocean is full of plastic. Lets save the planet, said everybody not knowing how. Lets invent a thing inventor said the thing inventor inventor after being invented by a thing inventor, thats pretty cool. By the way, where the hell are we?
I'm beside myself with grief. I came home yesterday with a surprise gift for my 13 year-old daughter. I had this beautiful fluffy big pink teddy bear in my arms for her. I knew she would be thrilled. However, when I walked into her room, I found her naked with two niggers. One was fucking her in the asshole, pulling out and slapping her ass pink, and then fucking her some more while the other was getting blown by her. She pulled her mouth off the spear chucker's cock and exclaimed, "Daddy!" and just then he came in her face. I grabbed a baseball bat from my son's room and chased those niggers, but they were too fast for me and got out of the house. It was weird watching them run down the street naked. I hoped someone would tackle them, but everyone was too afraid. Those savages are strong as apes after all.
When I got back to my daughter's room, she was rubbing her pink'n'sore molested butt and crying. She kept sobbing, "I'm sorry, Daddy, I'm sorry." I'm just beside myself with grief and don't know where I went wrong as a parent. Maybe it wasn't me. Her mom was a cheating whore. She was always out partying and screwing jigabooes. She especially loved muscly nigger football players. I found out she had been counseling my daughter (who was 5 at the time) that it's just as easy to fall in love with a rich sports hero nigger as it is to fall in love with a tiny dicked white guy with a regular job. When I heard her say that, that's when I went apeshit and tore all her clothes off and whipped her ass with a leather strap then threw her outa the house naked. She never came back, but I suspect this trauma might be why my daughter's going nuts and is enjoying black schlong in her cunt and in her ass.
I'm hoping there's still some chance of salvaging her decency, but that's gonna be a tall order after she's already been experiencing the thrill of huge black cocks in her every orifice. We have an appointment with our minister who's going to counsel her about the dangers of being a lustful and wanton little horny slut. Any advice on how I should deal with this is appreciated. I'm just beside myself with grief.
I am genuinely in love with Anne Frank. She was beautiful, witty, and graceful young woman whose light was snuffed out far too early.
I frequently fantasize about being Peter van Pels hiding with her.
Oh god, imagine deflowering that sweet girl on a lazy Amsterdam afternoon, lying and learn what each other's bodies were for.
Imagine nine months later, she's got a massive bulging stomach from carrying your child inside of her and it seems like shes gonna pop any moment now. Her popped belly button makes it look like she's got a giant third boob where her stomach once was. She waddles around and can barely move half of the time. She's developed an insatiable craving for your dick and you've likewise developed a taste for her pussy. Youre both cooped up in an attic all day have nothing better to do besides fuck like an unsustainable third world population. You lie down on your back, she strips off her almost comically too small clothes and kneels on top of you. She grabs a hold of your rock hard cock, inserts it deep inside of her, and begins to ride you like a stallion. You feel the pressure from her incredible weight and huge round belly bearing down on you but the indescribable pleasure of her tight pussy throbbing on you cock negates any discomfort. You sink into her beautiful soul, that secret place where no one dares to go. After 30 minutes, you and her are both moaning with ever greater intensity, you know it won't be long now. Suddenly, you feel your cock shaking like a V-2 rocket and the orgasm reaches it's climax as your cum literally explodes like an 88mm AT round inside her Sherman tank, blowing the turret right off. You both join as one, souls screaming from the sheer ecstasy. As the elation wears off, she lies next to you. Too exhausted to do much else, you simply hold her in your embrace. In that moment, there is no family squabbles, no Nazis, no war. Just you and her, watching the sky turn pink as the sun sets.
I thought fidget spinning was a dumb trend, but then I got mine. I felt the spin, I felt it on my finger, I felt the rush of a good spin. It changed me. I got my spinner ironically, but I was wrong.
Its amazing, I'm smarter, more productive, more focused at work, a simple task is now much better.
Outsiders dont get it, they dont get us. I'm not saying were better but were more open minded and probably smarter.
I love this community, and I love this way of life.
In probably the most irrelevant observation, it's been confirmed by the designer behind Minions that they're explicitly a single-sex male race. He didn't want to have female minions out of fear of backlash over having such dumb, slapstick-prone characters have girls among their ranks. This means that not only are any female looking or dressing Minions cross dressers at best, but that there's the very real possibility that they reproduce through hot, steamy M-Preg sex. Let that concept rest in your heart as you sleep tonight.
You swine. You vulgar little maggot. You worthless bag of filth. I wager you couldn't empty a boot of excrement were the instructions on the heel. You are a canker. A sore that won't go away. I would rather kiss a lawyer than be seen with you. Try to edit your responses of unnecessary material before attempting to impress us with your insight. The evidence that you are a nincompoop will still be available to readers, but they will be able to access it more rapidly.
You snail-skulled little rabbit. Would that a hawk pick you up, drive its beak into your brain, and upon finding it rancid set you loose to fly briefly before spattering the ocean rocks with the frothy pink shame of your ignoble blood. May you choke on the queasy, convulsing nausea of your own trite, foolish beliefs. You are weary, stale, flat and unprofitable. You are grimy, squalid, nasty and profane. You are foul and disgusting. You're a fool, an ignoramus.
And what meaning do you expect your delusional self-important statements of unknowing, inexperienced opinion to have to us who think and reason? What fantasy do you hold that you would believe that your tiny-fisted tantrums would have more weight than that of a leprous desert rat, spinning rabidly in a circle, waiting for the bite of the snake? You are a waste of flesh.
You have no rhythm. You are ridiculous and obnoxious. You are the moral equivalent of a leech. You are a living emptiness, a meaningless void. You are sour and senile. You are a disease, you puerile one-handed slack-jawed , drooling meatslapper. You smarmy lagerlout git. You bloody woofter sod. Bugger off, pillock. You grotty wanking oik artless base-court apple-john. You clouted boggish foot-licking twit. You dankish clack-dish plonker. You gormless crook-pated tosser. You churlish boil-brained clotpole ponce. You cockered bum-bailey poofter. You gob-kissing gleeking flap-mouthed coxcomb. You dread-bolted fobbing beef-witted clapper-clawed flirt-gill.

Did you just call me a fucking gay-ass bitch, little boy? I bet you didn't know that I am a retired professional masturbator with gold medals in all events such as the 100 meter jack-off and I held the world record for the most semen produced in one orgasm at 12 gallons. I bet your sorry excuse for a penis can't even churn out a single gallon. I also have the worlds fastest orgasm at .03744 seconds and my hand has a top speed of 243mph when measured. Sure, you can call me a cheater just because I injected myself with pig DNA so that i could have 30 minute orgasms, but you're wrong. I EARNED my title of best masturbator with YEARS of hard work. Have you ever heard of the Masturbators World Cup? Yeah, I bet you haven't. I played during the finals of the Masturbators World Cup in '09, I had to face Japan's best wankers; those boys would get off to fucking anything: tentacles, traps, you name it, they jerk it. But I wasn't about to give up. During the competition, I lucked out and got the furry porn category. Those Japanese boys didn't stand a chance. I wanked off so hard that I managed to dislocate my entire arm and shoulder. But I didn't care, I jacked like there was no tomorrow and managed to drown the other team with my scalding hot semen and then blacked out. I woke up to my doctor telling me that I won by technicality by killing off the other team with my semen and that I tore out my own dick and broke my arm beyond repair during the match. Even though my career as a professional masturbator was over that day, I knew that it was all worth it in the end. So next time you think that you're being fucking clever calling people a gay-ass bitch you better think again, fucker.
I'm getting really fucking tired of these people. I am tired of winning. In the sense that we shouldn't even be having these pathetic character-smearing battles to win in the first place. We voted for the fucking guy to get into office, and he should be able to get the fucking job done.
These rhino globalist sellouts deserve to hang on a stake in the white house lawn. These leftist little cucks attacking with bike locks and all this crap, I'm just about ready to stop holding back.
But I'll continue to hold off and wait. Can't let these little shitbags win. But at this point, I don't even consider them Americans anymore. They want to watch this fucking beautiful country burn. They are treasonous cucks. We need more laws like the "you don't have to stop for protestors when you're in a car" law.
We saw what happened in the LA riots with the truck driver who stopped for rioters.

 Let it piss you off as much as you want, but you know it's completely true. That girl you like who is kinda cute in a weird way, but is totally sweet and you have the biggest crush on? The one who keeps going back to guys who treat her wrong for reasons you don't understand? The one who calls you up at 1 am to cry about how her boyfriend hasn't called her in 3 days, and no matter how long you listen to her, she'll never think of you as anything other than asexual? The one who will curl up next to you on the couch, hug you close, kiss you on the cheek, and never let you fucking touch her beyond that?
I have always wanted to have sex with Crazy Frog, I have fantasied about this for many years and I have always masturbated to this thought and only this thought, I want him to hover and fly towards me until his dick makes contact with my ass hole and I scream in pleasure as he uses his frog cock to penetrate my human hole.
Crouch down, touch the pavement with you thumb and forefinger. Let out a dull groan that smoothly builds to a trembling roar that seems to emanate from your very soul. As your exhalation reaches its peak you hunch your back tightly and your skin ripples as a pair of black wings burst out of your back. You stand and flutter your new wings awkwardly at first, then as you get used to the motion with restrained elegance. You let out a euphoric "Caw as you jump into the air take flight. You soar thirty metres into the air and gaze down at the street below with its pedestrians and road users, some of them littering, some of them not. You scoff at their ground based lives and fly higher until the buildings are like lego bricks in the distance below. You cast off your human clothes and head to the trees on the horizon. You have now realized your true form of the raven-person.
I have nothing but respect for women. I greatly respect how biologically they are better suited for homemaking and child raising and having long locks of hair and expressing themselves emotionally, leaving the fighting of terrorism and exploration of the cosmos and thinking deep and wonderful rational thoughts to us manly men. It takes a great deal of respect to acknowledge these innate God-breathed biological roles we have.
Hello, I'm just wondering if any other women here are afraid of black people? Maybe you are just annoyed by them? Well, I am afraid of them.
I fucking hate shits like you, you think your so smart with your fucking meme comments. Well guess what? You are not smart. You are in fact the opposite of smart: stupid. So next time, keep your meme comments to yourself. I'm sick and tired of having to listen to your bullshit, so enough is enough I say! Shut up now and go away!
You want to willingly degrade your property by both physically and spiritually spoiling it? Staining it and abusing it beyond repair? Well what you do in your own house is your own bussiness, BUT, keep it to yourself, or suffer the consequences. You have been warned. We, the people here, will not tolerate your bullshit any longer. So, begone from here!
I like purity? Yeah, so what? Of course something that I have spent my own hard urned money on I want to keep in the best condition possible by showing it care and effection. Why spend lots of money on something if you're just going to immediately ruin it. So yes, I beleive in preserving the purity of my figures! And I will stand up for any brother who believes the same! But losers and morons like you who willingly desecrate figures, I will not stand for it! And I will oppose you!
Ya wanna know what kinda pizza is a pizza that has bones in it? Well it's basically a boneless pizza that the domino's employees have surgery on, essentially they take out the bones of a chicken and put it in the pizza, making a pizza with bones that used to be a pizza without bones. But see if everyone wanted a pizza with bones we would have to take out all of the bones out of all of the chickens. This would mean that all of the food made from chickens would have to be boneless, I mean like their would be no chicken wings anymore it would just be Chicken meat. No drumsticks either, just chicken meat. Who would want no bones in their chicken meal though? I sure wouldn't. See this is why we need to stop always ordering bones with pizza, because then all the people ordering chicken wings find out that it ain't got bones in it. You have to understand that this is a delicate balance in the fast food economy. People need to order Both boneless pizza and pizza with bones. That way everyone is happy.
I thought fidget spinning was a dumb trend, but then I got mine. I felt the spin, I felt it on my finger, I felt the rush of a good spin. It changed me. I got my spinner ironically, but I was wrong.
Its amazing, I'm smarter, more productive, more focused at work, a simple task is now much better.
Outsiders dont get it, they dont get us. I'm not saying were better but were more open minded and probably smarter.
I love this community, and I love this way of life.
Thanks for making the same joke Reddit has seen a thousand hundred million times. Thanks. I really hope this joke never retires, because if there is ever a post where people mention eyes, vision, or cereal, and I don't see this joke, I'm going to totally be all like "hey man, there's really something missing from my life and this thread." Thanks for this joke. I'm so glad I got to see this same joke again. I bet you are well-versed in recycling classic Reddit jokes. I can't wait for the next thread where I'll see a helpful answer, a follow-up with additional information, and then a string of seventy-three puns changing one or two letters of a phrase used in the second comment over and over again. Why, if there's ever a day I go without the ol' "but can they see why kids love cinnamon toast crunch", I swear I'll be an empty and hollow void, as I previously mentioned and/or described, but not in such a theatrical way.
Her Majesty Elizabeth the Second, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, Ireland and the British Dominions beyond the Seas Queen, Defender of the Faith, Duchess of Edinburgh, Countess of Merioneth, Baroness Greenwich, Duke of Lancaster, Lord of Mann, Duke of Normandy, Sovereign of the Most Honourable Order of the Garter, Sovereign of the Most Honourable Order of the Bath, Sovereign of the Most Ancient and Most Noble Order of the Thistle, Sovereign of the Most Illustrious Order of Saint Patrick, Sovereign of the Most Distinguished Order of Saint Michael and Saint George, Sovereign of the Most Excellent Order of the British Empire, Sovereign of the Distinguished Service Order, Sovereign of the Imperial Service Order, Sovereign of the Most Exalted Order of the Star of India, Sovereign of the Most Eminent Order of the Indian Empire, Sovereign of the Order of British India, Sovereign of the Indian Order of Merit, Sovereign of the Order of Burma, Sovereign of the Royal Order of Victoria and Albert, Sovereign of the Royal Family Order of King Edward VII, Sovereign of the Order of Merit, Sovereign of the Order of the Companions of Honour, Sovereign of the Royal Victorian Order, Sovereign of the Most Venerable Order of the Hospital of St John of Jerusalem.
I remember the first time I was sexually propositioned by a gorilla.
I was at the local zoo that day, as I was every weekend. I usually got there an hour before the zoo opened, just so I could be first in line. There usually wasn't much of a line, but I wanted to be first. I wanted him to see me first. Who is "him," you ask? The alpha male in the gorilla enclosure, of course.
I would stand at the edge of his enclosure, and just admire him. The way he would beat his chest would get me so hot and bothered, my pants would become uncomfortably tight. I would have to excuse myself to the bathroom to clean up, but I would be right back there, watching him. I would usually stay until the zoo closed, and then I would be right back the next weekend. The way he looked at me while he asserted himself to the females of the troop made me know he wanted me, and I knew I had to let him have me.
Well, eventually I managed to hide in the zoo's bathroom after it closed, and I knew I had my chance. Around midnight, I hopped the fence into the alpha male's pen, and made my move. I turned around, removed my clothes, and slowly backed myself into him. I didn't want to look him in the eyes, lest it upset him. He started hooting at me, and I knew things were going well. I could feel his hot breath on the underside of my testicles. The moment I had been waiting on had finally arrived. I could hear his breathing as he forcibly bent me over and mounted me, and then I took him, all of him, inside of me. A few powerful pumps and it was all over. I lay there, wishing I was a gorilla lady so I could be pregnant with his child.
A man can dream.
I sexually identify as an mango train. Ever since I was a boy I dreamed of carrying my load of mangoes over the plains delivering delicious fruits to hungry foreigners. People say to me that a person being a train is impossible and I'm fucking retarded but I don't care, I'm beautiful. I'm having a plastic surgeon install a steeplecab electric locomotive, 4ft 8 1/2in wheelsets and several passenger cars on my body. From now on I want you guys to call "ES1" and respect my right to haul 300 tons at 14 miles per hour and draw power from third rails or overhead lines as I see fit. If you can't accept me you're a trainphobe and need to check your vehicle privilege. Thank you for being so understanding.
